# $45,760 in profit this month, with a simple AI website and not giving a f*ck..

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umiGojQ0jzk
- Video ID: umiGojQ0jzk
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 17:31
- Views / published: 256 views • 13 hours ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

This is how I made $45,000 in profit this month alone without giving a single [ __ ] Now guys, again, I know this means practically nothing if I don't go ahead and show you this is actually legit. So, what I want to go ahead and do is refresh this page really, really quickly for you guys. Again, not going to do any cuts whatsoever. Let this refresh, give it a few seconds. One MRR, there we go. So, you can see we're currently sitting at $50,000 in MRR. This is AUD, so again, it's not as much in USD. If I go ahead and do like 50K AUD to USD, we're still sitting at about $36,000 in monthly recurring revenue with this brand new agency. We only started last year. And just so you guys know I'm not lying, I can obviously go ahead and grab the URL right here, click on copy, go to a brand new tab without any sort of cuts or anything, type in stripe.com, and you guys can see it does come to the official Stripe website. And again guys, I'm not showing you this to inherently flex. I just want to be as transparent as physically possible because again, I was somebody that was once an unbeliever. I would see all these gurus on YouTube and I'd say you're completely full of [ __ ] stop lying. And again, it makes complete sense and you're well within your right to do that. But I just want to be able to remove the barrier to entry as much as I physically can so you can take what I say with, you know, transparency. So, first things first, what is the business model itself? I'm going to be very, very quick with this. I'm just going to give you a quick rundown and I'm going to get more into the business model as the video progresses. But again, the business model itself is very straightforward. I can say something like locksmithing near me. I can obviously go ahead and scroll down and there's a ton of different locksmith companies near myself. Go find the ones that have no website listed, which for example would be this guy here, Nighthawk Locksmith. But he does have a phone number. So, because he has no website, I can obviously go ahead and sell him a website. So, I'll look up something like Framer Locksmith template. Obviously go ahead and find a website template that is obviously made for Locksmiths. Click on preview, go ahead and rename this to their website name, and then give this to them at a monthly retainer. Now, this monthly fee that you might charge them can be anywhere from 197 to 397 a month. We found the sweet spot is about 197 to 297 a month. That's where you obviously get the fewest objections. And even if you only have 50 clients, you're still sitting at like $20,000 a month. It is absolutely insane. And today, I'm going to walk you through the exact way I would do this business model if I was starting out. And a bunch of little tips and tricks that I would obviously want to utilize if I was brand new to this business model. So again, you can literally see here, this one website template on Framer is $39 and it comes with pest control agency, cleaning, mowing, landscaping, plumbing, electrical, roofing, HVAC. So many different specific niches in which you can sell to. And again, you want to be choosing a sub niche when you do start this business model, right? So, for example, when you're first starting out, and this is the exact same way we got to our first 50K a month, or sorry, not 50K a month, 15K a month. First way we did that was by selling to roofers. And again, you want to kind of become the best in your specific sub niche when you are starting out. It just makes things so much easier. The objections that you're going to have to handle in your specific niche are going to be complacent and contingent on that specific niche. So again, if you're selling to plumbing and to roofing and to scaffolding and to locksmithing all at the same time, you're going to get confused. It's going to become hard to work with. When you're first starting out, you really want to get the fundamentals and the base down. Now, before we get into anything guys, if you do want to join my Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. It's an insanely unique environment, literally a bunch of other people all doing this exact same business model. You can network with them for completely free. We also have a brand new channel that we just made, which is literally the free course section where you get an entire closing call system PDF walking you through exactly how I personally close clients. And it's actually really, really cool. It looks exactly like this. It goes through everything, how to run the call, how to close, everything. Again, that's discord.gg/mastermind. Now, this is probably one of the biggest, biggest questions I get with this business model. And of course, for us, we use Stripe to actually handle our payments. But there are multiple ways you can do this. Now, one of the biggest problems with Stripe, and again, this is sort of when you're accepting payments from these clients, you need it to be monthly recurring. So, one of the biggest questions I'll get from people in my program, in obviously my Discord server, they're like, well, should I just charge them on Cash App or Venmo? No. The only way this model is going to work is if you build it into a scalable, consistent brand. And you need to have a platform that obviously supports MRR, meaning monthly recurring revenue. So, when you So, when you sign one of these clients and you obviously cold call them, you're able to give them a payment link where they can obviously subscribe with their credit card information and they don't remember that they're subscribed. That's again what has optimized our website that much more. And we really could stop selling AI now, stop selling website templates altogether, and we'd probably be at like $40,000 in MRR by the end of next year even if we do nothing. That's because our churn rate, meaning the percentage of people that cancel every month, is less than 5%. And I'll go into depth on kind of how we've optimized this in today's video. But again, the best website to actually handle payments, first of all, is of course Stripe. This is by far the best. But again, when you are working and you're starting out, they can often times like stop your funds and just like close your account. It's really annoying, but it's something you can't overcome and it just happens with the platform. There are a few alternatives like what.com. And this is again another really, really good alternative, but the only problem is, when you're sending a potential client or a potential lead a closing link, you really don't want to have to deal with the objection of them saying, "What the hell is what?" Whereas with Stripe, it's universally accepted. Everybody kind of knows what it is, so it obviously makes the objection handling that much easier. So again, you can use one of those two. There's also a few others like hola.sh. But again, I'd probably stick to either of these two with my favorite obviously being Stripe. And again guys, if you do want to work directly with myself in actually scaling an agency to $4,000 a month, you can go ahead and check out startofferingai.com. Again, book completely free call with my team. If you do seem like a good fit, we will be in touch. But again, if you don't have $5,000 a month by the end of the 90-day program, you get a complete money-back guarantee, no questions asked. Like we literally guarantee you 20 paying clients at 197 a month. And again, if it does sound interesting, watch this video, book fill out this form, book a completely free call with myself, and we'll definitely chat a little bit more. Now, this is probably one of the biggest questions I get. And that is obviously when you're finding Framer templates to actually offer to these people. Like let's say for example, I wanted to offer a plumbing template, like this template right here, plumbing, and we wanted to sell to plumbers. One of the biggest questions I get, and again, we are using Framer, which is a drag-and-drop template system. It's completely free to use. It's like five bucks a month per client. And you can quite literally just look up like Framer plumbing template, and there's a bunch of completely free plumbing templates you can use from. Now, again, you don't even need to spend money on something like this for example. You know that that template we just showed you that like had all of them for $39. You don't even need to buy it. You can quite literally just download this plumbing template right here. And let's say you want to do a niche that doesn't exist yet on Framer specifically. Like let's say you want to do something like locksmithing. We could literally just look up locksmith logo and just grab some random locksmith background footage, obviously stock images, download these, and directly come back to Framer, which again, is completely free to do. Then click here, literally just replace all the images for whatever your specific business might be, which for example, might be locksmithing. Now again, this is going to look a little bit stupid because this template specifically wasn't made for obviously locksmithing. But again, you can do this with numerous templates. You can replace plumbing for locksmithing. And then you can go ahead and offer this one template to a bunch So again, a lot of people say, "Well, Blake, I don't have any coding knowledge, I don't have any coding experience. How the hell do I make these websites?" That's again one of the benefits and why I use Framer and not like Go High Level or some [ __ ] Framer is just easier. It's like five bucks a month. You can link the domains to it. You can have all of your websites in one place. And again, every time you want to sell to a different client, you can just make the most optimized website with contact us forms, AI live chat, whatever it might be. You can just make a super optimized website and then literally just duplicate it every single time to work with each individual client. It becomes so, so easy and so much more streamlined. Now, this is what obviously matters. And that is adding the add-ons to the site itself. So, this is essentially the offer. This is what you're giving these local businesses and you're actually selling to them. Now again, let's say you're charging 197 a month. What does that actually entail? Now, I'm going to walk you through everything and I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. I've never shown this before. So, first thing, contact us form. This is really, really easy. Find a template that you want. So, let's go ahead and do like plumbing template Framer. Let's just grab a random one. Let's do one we've actually never used before, like this one right here, Plum Flow Plumbing Cleaning Service Template. We'll go ahead and grab this and we'll add it directly to our Framer account. And again, for this specific scenario, let's just assume we're going to reach out to plumbers. Now, you might be saying, "Well, sure, it's a really nice-looking website. Obviously, it looks quite nice, but how do people actually buy this? Where is the intrinsic value?" And we're going to go with a different template actually for the sake of today's video. But let's say you went with a template like this. Let's say you want to have the contact us form. Again, you'd obviously replace the phone number for them, etc., etc. And every single time, you would literally just change the name and maybe change some of the images and the color scheme. But again, the same process remains for every single lead. But let's say you wanted to add a contact us form. You might be saying, "Well, how the hell do I do that?" Very, very easy. Look up Framer plugins. We're going to go ahead and rename this to our plumbing template. Again, you want to have one specific template that you can kind of make into the best version of itself and then just duplicate that every single time. But let's say we wanted to go with this template right here. Head over to plugins, look up contact us, and there's a ton of completely free contact us forms. So, let's go ahead and find one that obviously looks quite nice. Contact form. Here we go. So, all I'm going to do is press on open plugin, and we're going to find our Framer template that we just made, which is obviously our plumbing template. Literally click on copy, and within a few seconds, it's going to actually embed that contact us form into our Framer template. So again, not sponsored at all. This is just insanely easy to do. Now, I haven't actually published the website yet, so let me go ahead and click on publish and then do this again. And there we go, app configured. It's done. Don't forget to publish the changes. So again, there is a whole complete dashboard externally. It's like five bucks a month. You can sign up. You can literally just drag and drop the contact us form directly into the page. And bang, that's one of your add-ons already made directly inside of your site that you can reuse every single time going forward and actually offer this as a CRM and as an add-on to these local businesses. And again, another feature you might want to have is of course AI live chat. Once again, head back to plugins, go ahead and look up something like AI live chat. There's one right here, live chat and AI, completely free to use. Embed this directly into your site. It's got a custom widget, live visitors, team roles, shared inbox, AI replies, everything. It can also learn based on your website. It can literally train based on websites. And then obviously, the main things you obviously want to have in this offer is the website itself, which again, is completely free to do. It's like five bucks a month. And again, I can click publish, go ahead and open up the website URL. And again, compare this to the usual plumbing template, and you're miles ahead of the competition. It literally looks amazing. I really couldn't fault this in any way, shape, or form. And honestly, this is much more professional than the usual person in this demographic. Guys, keep in mind, people you're selling to are not tech-savvy whatsoever. They've really never used a computer. Again, the reason why you're selling to people that have no website is because again, they know nothing about social media. So, this will seem like a massive thing to them. Now again, that's the website. Next thing, domain. Let's say you're selling to people that don't have websites, chances are they're not going to have a domain either. So let's say I want to work with someone called Plummate Australia. You literally go ahead and look this up on Namecheap, or you can do it directly inside of Framer with the setting icon, go over to domain, and literally just get a free custom domain whenever you buy a plan. So really, really easy to do. Or you can just look up something on Namecheap, Plummate Australia, literally $6 a year. So what's that, like 50 cents a month to buy a domain for these clients? It's so [ __ ] stupidly easy, it's ridiculous. Directly link that to your Framer site. Next thing, Google reviews, head back to Framer, get a Google review embed system. You can literally just input your Google reviews link. So like for example, if we were working with somebody like this guy here, you would literally just grab their URL to whatever their Google thingy is, share Google, go ahead and embed this directly inside of your Framer template, and it will obviously fetch all the information and all of the reviews and embed that directly into your site. And then finally, just link the domain to the website, and you've literally fleshed out an entire offer for $197 to $297 a month in perceived value to these businesses. And don't worry, I'm going to get into more info on how you can kind of close these guys, but in terms of actually scraping leads, again, you can literally just look up locksmith near me, for example, and you do want to choose your sort of sub-niche quite smartly, right? You don't want to choose a really oversaturated niche like plumbing or roofing. You kind of want to work with things that are somewhat niche, like locksmithing is super, super niche. Uh for example, pest control, HVAC, air conditionings, everything like that. So the usual way of doing things would just be to scroll on Google, make a document, and just add all of the websites that have no website, obviously. Add all the companies that have no website. But again, this can be quite time-consuming, so I personally do use a software called tenji.ai. Again, this is my personal software. I see a lot of people talking [ __ ] about, you know, you own the website, why you trying to sell it? It's because I built this website directly to combat the biggest issue I had, which is obviously finding leads. But essentially, no more yapping, what do I actually use Tenji for? Let me walk you through this. So for example, I literally just head over to tenji.ai, and we're actually doing a giveaway in our Discord server right now in the giveaway channel. If you want to enter it, you can literally just win a completely free pro plan for Tenji specifically. Again, that's discord.gg/mastermind, the link down below. But all I'm going to do is click on lead search. I'm going to obviously go ahead and choose my specific niche. So let's just say locksmith, and then you can of course choose your suburb. Now, I'm based in Australia, I'm just going to do something like Sydney, because again, I live in Sydney, Australia. Click on generate leads, and what Tenji does, and what it was made for, is to scrape all of Google and test all of the websites, and again, find businesses that have either no website or a really, really slow website. So it was built specifically for this business model. And again, you can see here, emergency locksmith Sydney, it's actually ranked all of the leads based on how likely that they are to actually close. This guy is obviously ranked 90 because he has no website. So what I'm going to go ahead and do is scroll through a few times with some different specific locations. Like let's try a location that's more so a suburb rather than a state. Go ahead and generate the leads, and we'll give it a few seconds to actually load. And here we go, we we ran it again, 90 out of 100, 40 out of 100. We can keep scrolling and obviously just find all of the 90s and press on save lead directly. This saves us everything to go through Google and makes the process that much more seamless. Then of course, head over to the tracking little button right here, and you have your whole built-in CRM. This is where you can track every single lead. You can obviously drag them into called, into interested, into followed up, and again, into closed. So every single time you close a lead, literally drag them into Tenji, go ahead and write down how much you closed them for. Like let's say I had closed these three people right here for $297 a month. I can of course write all of that as $297, head back to my dashboard, and now Tenji directly tracks your MRR, your close rate, your total leads, everything. Now, it gets even crazier. Again, I don't even need to use Framer anymore because I already have Tenji that does this for me, and that's of course why I made it for you guys. But we have a whole template section, a whole tutorial section, and a website generator. Even a script generator to actually help you with the cold calls. But on the website generator, let's say I wanted to work with one of these random people, like Impact Plumbing. Now that I found them, I can literally just choose from our templates, which again, let's just go ahead and choose plumbing template, click on generate demo. And what it's going to do is actually build us a demo website for this lead that is already in our CRM. So here we go, Impact Plumbing. Click on copy share link, go ahead and open this in a brand new tab, give it a few seconds, and we have a contact us form, the name, the phone number, the Google reviews, the features, everything all in one place. And again, guys, you can literally do this at an infinite scale. If you end up liking the template, click on copy remix link, you can go ahead and just literally open this in Google and download this direct template onto your Framer account and just offer this to them. Now this kind of feeds back into what I was talking about with cold calling. You never want to sell on the cold call. I want to keep this really short. A lot of people, their biggest mistake with this business model and the reason why they never get their first sale, is because they actually try and close the clients on the first call. That's not what you want to do. What you want to do is like let's just say I called someone. I'd want to say, "Hey, I'm actually a a university student, I'll be working on a website design. I literally mocked you guys up a completely free website. Whenever you have some time, I'd love to show you." And by doing this, you're immediately removing that barrier to entry of them saying no, and you're kind of handling that objection, and you're literally just offering them a free site. Now, no, don't actually build a demo website for every single lead. Just lie and just say, "Look, I already made it." Once they agree to do a follow-up call, that's when you want to use Tenji to actually make the demo site, or just make it yourself, and then pitch this directly to them in that meeting. And that's when you actually want to close, not on the cold call. Now the next thing I get asked quite a bit is again, after you scale to about 20k a month, cold calling does become a bit tedious, and it's really not worth it anymore. So what we're actually focusing on now is meta ads. So retargeting our own personal brand that we're kind of growing to actually target these local businesses. And then again, hiring a cold caller. This is really, really important, and we have about three people that handle cold calling for our agency right now. Now it's pretty hard to find a cold caller because again, you can't just hire like some Filipino on onlinejobs.ph because again, they're not going to be qualified enough to actually handle calls. And realistically, guys, between you and I, if you're getting a call from someone that's Indian or Filipino or Pakistani, you're not going to trust them. I'm not trying to be racist, I'm just being honest. That's the truth of the matter, that's just how it works. So when you're hiring a cold caller, you need to make sure they are in your area. So for example, if you were if you're from Australia and you want to hire a cold caller, head over to a software like Upwork, literally say I'm a client hiring for a project, sign into Upwork, and just be like, "Look, looking for an Australian cold caller male in their 20s that is not scared of rejection and is down to do 4 hours a day." Then once you obviously have a client, you can either do it through Upwork or just find someone in the newspaper, like literally near you locally, it's that easy, or just find a friend maybe that you can kind of get on board to kind of handle cold calling for you. But regardless, your main concern once you do get to 5 to 10k a month is to just remove the the risk of you needing to do any work. You can actually focus on the admin stuff and the back end itself. Now this is what actually matters. When you do find a closer or meta ads or anything you're you're kind of running, do you want to have the closer working on upfront split or a commission-based split? Now, what this means is let's say I was to hire a closer for my agency. I can either give them, obviously, upfront payment, which might be like 400 bucks a day to cold call 500 people, or even if you want to pay them per call or per successful booked call, whatever it might be. You have to choose between whether you want to actually pay capital, meaning upfront payment, or you want to give them a commission-based. I personally prefer commission-based, but it does require you to already have a decent MRR and some decent established proof that people are actually willing to work with you. So again, you might say to someone, "Look, for every lead you bring us and every booked call you bring us, if they close, we'll give you 35% lifetime revenue on that specific client." And that's a really good way to weave into our scale. And again, if you don't want to do this, you can just pay them upfront money for every single call that they do or every single booked call they manage to close. And again, guys, if you do want to go ahead and work directly with myself in scaling an AI agency, you get the full blueprint, you literally work directly with me, you get complete access to Tenji for completely free. Go ahead and book a completely free call with myself. If you do seem like a good fit, we'll make sure to be in touch and we'll book a call with you. And if you don't have at least 20 paying clients at $197 a month by the end of the program, you get a money-back guarantee, no questions asked. And again, if you guys do want to join my Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you learned something new. Have a great day.
