# launch your AI web design business in 2026.. (trust me)

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTgIHG5l4ck
- Video ID: GTgIHG5l4ck
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 16:54
- Views / published: 578 views • 1 day ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

Launch your AI web design business in 2026. Trust me, it was one of the best things that I ever did. Now guys, I know this obviously might not make much sense, but I currently do about $50,000 in MRR, meaning monthly recurring revenue. So, people literally put their cards down, and every single month they're charged to actually pay me this amount. And again, I know a lot of you guys might be saying, "Well, it's not all profit." I can obviously go ahead and show you. We're sitting at $45,000 in net volume. This means after all expenses, profit every single month, and a little over $600,000 a year in recurring revenue. Now again, I can go ahead and refresh this Stripe as many times as need be to actually get the point across. And as you guys can see, it obviously does stay the same. Now, I'm going to be breaking down the entire business model in a nutshell in today's video for again, completely free. Now, here's a breakdown of the business model itself. Now, I don't want to dwell too much into this. I kind of want to keep it a little bit on the surface so we can actually go into more kind of advanced topics in today's video and how to actually start your own AI agency and do exactly what I've done. But again, in a nutshell, all we do is we offer AI website templates to local businesses. So, for example, I can look up something like, for example, locksmith near me. And again, every single one of you guys is going to live in a different state or a different country, or again, a different region, and you're going to have a ton of different local businesses for your own specific sub-niche. Now again, it's not just locksmiths. We could do plumbers, we could do roofers, we could do pest control, absolutely anything. And again, scrolling for a little bit on this little business tab, you guys will see a ton of local businesses with their phone numbers literally public. And you might see here how it has like the website little logo. A couple of these guys simply don't have websites. Like right here, Nighthawk Locksmiths, no website at all. Dust till dawn locksmith, no website at all. So, in a nutshell, what we do is we find these local businesses that have no website whatsoever. We give them a cold call, and we offer them a demo website for completely free. So, this would be something like locksmith Framer template. We personally use Framer. There's a bunch of different alternatives out there like Go Highlevel and all this other crap. Again, Framer has just been what's best for us cuz it's literally the easiest thing to use. So again, you'll click on any of these website templates that you can see here. Your affordable plumbing service, phone number, check all services. It's got embedded Google reviews. It's got a contact us form. It's got AI live chatting, whatever it might be. And Framer costs like five bucks a month per website. Again, not sponsored at all. It's literally what we use. And we'll call up these local businesses, and we'll be like, "Hey, we've actually mocked you guys up a completely free demo website. If you've got some free time this week, I'd love to hop in a call and kind of show it to you guys." And by doing this, we aren't immediately trying to cold call and sell them something off the bat, which is probably one of the biggest mistakes I see people trying to make when they're actually getting into this niche or any and even SMMA as a whole. But again, what we're essentially doing is already giving them perceived value, essentially explaining to them that it's completely free to actually take a look at the demo website we already made them. And once they agree to do one of those calls, that's when we actually sell them the service at $197 to $297 a month to essentially handle everything from website design, website hosting, domain ownership, everything. And again, I'll show you exactly in today's video how we fulfill on this for literally 95% margins. And again guys, before we get into anything, if you do want to join my Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. It's essentially a completely free networking environment that I made for this business model. We launched it a couple days ago. We've already got like a thousand members all doing this exact same thing, grinding every day. And again, it's completely free to join. So, if you want to go ahead and join it, the link is here. It'll be linked down below. Now, this is probably the most important thing when you are starting out, and that is of course, choosing your sub-niche {slash} untapped sub-niches. This is imperative. It's crucial. A lot of people when they're getting into this business model is they'll choose something insanely generic like plumbing or roofing. Now, no, I'm not saying roofing and plumbing templates can't work. They most definitely can. But again, a lot of people are starting to get on this business model now, and when you're getting an influx of people in a specific business model, it can tend to get a little bit of a saturated. But again, that's one of the beautiest things of this model is there's so many different sub-niches. Do not limit yourself. Like I can go to Claude, for example, and I can say something like, "Give me a ton of local business sub-niches like plumbing, roofing, etc." And you'll see a ton just like that. You know, roofing, electrical, HVAC, insulation installation. Now, you do want to kind of be a little bit weary here and make sure you are choosing a specific sub-niche that does have enough demand, like at least a couple thousand local businesses. And again, it doesn't matter too much cuz you can just kind of Let's say you're in Australia, you can reach out to a bunch of different suburbs, a bunch of different states, and really cold call them. But again, one of the other things you want to look for when choosing your sub-niche, and this is going to become a little bit more important later on in today's video. I'll explain a little bit more about why, but you do want to make sure you are choosing a sub-niche with a high AOV. Now, AOV means average order value. So, for example, if you're targeting plumbers, they might charge $4,000 for the average sale that they actually collect. So, what we're able to actually do is leverage our offer. So, we can be like, "Look, what if we only bring you one extra sale a month with obviously the website, the domain, the hosting, everything? You're essentially profiting what, $4,000 from that one client? Whereas if you're choosing a sub-niche that has a very low AOV, for example, our car detailing or pest control or something along those lines, you really need to be a little bit weary with the price point you set. Now, I've seen agencies set their price point to $397 a month, for example. That's completely fine as long as you're targeting a specific sub-niche that has a high AOV, and you can position it as leverage. So again, if you are targeting those lower AOV niches, I'd really recommend doing something along the lines of $197 a month. Now, some really, really low comp, high AOV sub-niches that I've recently found are of course, locksmithing and pest control. Now, another really good thing about this, and this is something that a lot of people overlook, is when they're trying to find a sub-niche and they're using Framer, they will literally just look up their exact sub-niche, and then they won't see a template for that sub-niche cuz it's so obviously niche. And then they'll immediately just go to a different one. Now, this is where it gets interesting. Let's say for example, I look up something like plumbing Framer template. Again, there are so many different plumbing templates. We can literally grab any of these templates. So, let's say for example, I wanted to go with this one. It is perfect. Click on use for free. And again, Framer is completely free to use. You pay like $4 a month to host a plan. And again, you only have to host it once you sign the client. So, it's really, really easy to get into. But again, let's say I wanted to go with locksmithing, but there were no templates for that specific thing. I could quite literally grab a template like plumbing, and just change all of the words to locksmithing. And then again, the images, it's a completely no-code software, so you can do everything yourself. So again, for the images, I literally look up locksmith image. Go ahead and quite literally just grab any of these reference images for locksmithing. And then I could of course head back to the template and just replace every single part of this specific template with again, the niche I'm trying to get into. And this is something that's so, so heavily overlooked because again, there's a ton of different sub-niches that just haven't been tapped into yet. Because again, nobody thinks about this type of thing, or if they do, they're doing it with AI, and they're making AI websites, which again, is nowhere near as scalable as what we're doing. You might be saying, "Well, these templates look quite nice, but you obviously need to offer them a quite a bit more than just the websites." And you're completely right in that. A few of the things we offer these local businesses is again, a contact us form. So, we'll literally like embed a contact us form into the top of the website, and then they can of course capture those dead leads that are coming from purely SEO. And again, keep in mind, a lot of these local businesses that you are actually calling have no way of getting those dead leads after hours because they literally just have a phone number, and they have no website. So, what we can actually do is position this as Look, even if we just bring you one extra lead a month, you're profiting what, $4,000 if you choose a high AOV sub-niche. So again, a couple of the things we offer is again, a contact us form, AI live chat, Google reviews, removing negative Google reviews. All of these are things that are zero effort on our end, but give a ton of intrinsic value to the average person that has no social media experience. Now, to add any of these things, it's so, so easy. You literally go onto Framer, click on the plugin section, type up something along the lines of what you want. So, contact us form. Literally go ahead and just embed this contact us form that's completely free to use, embed that into your template. And again, once you make a perfect template for let's say locksmithing, you can quite literally go to your dashboard, just have one master template that you use for everything. And every time you sign a client or you have to provide a demo site, click on the three dots and just click on duplicate, and you can just remake that exact same site with all of those add-ons that you added, the contact us form, the live chat, the Google reviews, everything. Just remake that a hundred times. You only really need to be doing this once. And again guys, before we go any further, if you do want to work directly with myself in scaling an AI agency, you can obviously go ahead and check out startofferingai.com. We've got a few slots left this month. I work directly with you in scaling an agency. And if you don't have 20 paying clients at $197 a month by the end of the 90-day program, you get a complete money-back guarantee, no questions asked whatsoever. No stress at all guys. If you want to check it out, startofferingai.com, you get complete access to all of my tools, some of which you'll see in today's video. So again, this is where it gets important. A lot of people, and if you are just starting out and you've got little to no budget to work with, this is exactly how I started. This is by far the best way. Go on Google, look up the sub-niche you're looking for, type in near me, and just cold call, or make a document, like make a Google Doc, for example. I'll go ahead and do this now just to kind of show you how it works. But again, you want to scroll through Google and find all of the leads that have no website whatsoever. You want to go ahead and just put them in a Google Doc, and then you want to chronologically just go through and give them a cold call every single day. Now, this is a fantastic way of doing it when you're first getting started. But for me specifically, I obviously found this as a massive problem. So, I actually built up my own software called tenji.ai that quite literally scrapes all of Google for your specific sub-niche and location, and finds every single local business, tries their website, sees if it works, sees if it's slow, sees if it's responsive, and then ranks them based on how likely they are to actually close. Now, this is [ __ ] insane. I'll go ahead and show you how it works. So, for example, it's essentially an entire CRM dashboard. You have good afternoon, Blake. You have all your leads you're closed. Now, this probably means nothing without me showing you how it works. Let's say for example, I wanted to target locksmiths. I could type in locksmith, I could type in the state that I live in, which again is sitting Australia, and click on generate leads. Now, what this is essentially going to do is scrape all of Google and find all of the Google leads that have no website at all, and rank them in a batch for me based on how likely they are to actually close. So, for example here, you can see it's gone ahead and and grabbed like 40 of them, and it's ranked them out of a hundred. This one here, 98 of a hundred. So, that means that they have no website whatsoever. I can click on save lead, and I can literally go ahead and just do this for a bunch of different suburbs, and just click on generate. Let me show you how seamless this actually makes the process. And again, I'm not trying to toot my own horn. You don't need to use this. It just makes things so much easier. Now again, it's given me a a of different ones. Save lead, save lead, save lead. So, just like that, I've gotten five potential leads. And again, you can do this for a multitude of different kind of sub niches. And again, different states and different suburbs and whatever location you're looking for. And again, it puts it all into your own CRM tracker, where you can drag the specific lead you have with their contact information into cold, interested, followed up. And even if you close them, you can put it into closed, write down how much you closed them for a month, and that'll directly be reflected on your dashboard. Now, this solved a massive problem for me. I literally made this to solve this problem specifically. And again, it gets even crazier because let's say for example, you call one of these guys up and you end up signing them. Or for example, you end up booking a follow-up call, which is again when you want to actually sell the service. You're obviously going to need to actually make them a demo site. So, let's say for example, you look at the follow-up lead for this specific client here, Advance Australia Plumbing. You can click on them, choose the template you want, which for example would be plumbing, and click on generate demo site. And what this is going to do is essentially build you up an entire demo site that you can quite literally show this local business. When you hop in a call with them, you can click on the copy share link. Again, go ahead and pop this in a brand new tab. It's got the contact us form, it's got the phone number, Google reviews, the name, their phone number, everything. And you can show this to them directly. And there's so many different things the software can do like a script generator to kind of tell you how to actually close these clients. Template library that has all of the templates that you guys can literally choose from. And again, an entire tutorial section. Now, no stress at all if you don't want to use this, it's completely free to do otherwise. You really don't need this at all. It just makes things so much easier. If you do want to check it out, tenji.ai, it'll be linked down below. Use the promo code release. And again, for the first, let's say two people, you get a 10% off sale for the first month. Again, that's going to go really quick, so make sure you do take advantage of that. But again, let's get back into the video. Now, this is imperative. Building up an offer and core structure. So, you really want to be ironing out your offer. And this is again what I'll talk about a little bit later, which is sticking to one sub niche until you grow to like 10k MRR. I mean, when we first started, again, it was a little bit less saturated than it is now. So, when we were scaling to $20,000 MRR, we literally just used a roofing template and we literally just cold called roofers only. But again, roofing is a little bit more oversaturated now. Not to say you can't do it, but try and get a little bit out there and do some sort of different sub niche. Now, in terms of your offer, this is again why I recommend sticking with one sub niche until you get to 10k a month. And that's because you want to kind of understand your offer entirely. Every single specific template you offer people. So, for example, if you're calling up roofers or plumbers or electricians, they're all going to have different objections that you need to handle when you're actually on call with them. And that's why I do recommend sticking with one niche and becoming an expert in that niche before scaling out. So again, understanding your exact offer. What are you offering them? A contact us form? A way to generate leads? The entire website? The domain? Now, this is a little bit of a trick, guys. We have actually got our churn, so the amount of people canceling every single month, we've got we've gotten that down to 5%. So, what that means is only 5% of our clients are canceling every month. So, we only need to be bringing in 5% more clients to be countering that and staying at the exact same 50k a month that we're sitting at. And the way we've done that is something called domain ownership. So, when we find one of these businesses, chances are they don't have a website. They don't even have a domain. So, what we actually like to do is buy the domain for them and own it ourselves. Now, it might sound a little bit scummy, but the reason why we do this is because owning a domain is like 50 cents a month, five bucks a year. And when we own that, it makes them so so so much less likely to leave us and to just keep renewing their subscription. Because again, we have their website set up under that domain, we're building up SEO, we're building up backlinks, everything is built on that domain. Now, to get a domain, it's super super easy. You would literally just look it up on Namecheap or GoDaddy or whatever software you want to use or whatever site you want to use, buy the .com domain for literally $6 a year, then head back to Framer or whatever software you're using. Let's say for example, I wanted to link a plumbing domain to this website here. You'd have to get like the $5 a month plan once you do sign that client. But again, once you sign them, it's completely free to do. Click on the little setting icon and go ahead and click on publish. And then you can just click on uh connect an existing domain and then buy a plan and just link that domain directly to this. And it's as easy as that. And again, that makes clients so so so much less likely to actually churn every single month. Now, this is where it gets important. And again, even in my Discord server, even in my mentorship, everybody always asks me the exact same question. And that's how do I outsource cold calling? Now, this is really really important. You can't just hire a Filipino or an Indian to go ahead and call these guys. It's just not going to work. Realistically, I'm not trying to be racist whatsoever. Nobody trusts an Indian if they're based in the US. You need to be hiring local cold callers if you want to scale. Now again, we didn't even hire a cold caller until 10k a month. We started doing this entirely ourselves, me and my business partner. And we just cold called and just grinded every single day. But again, there will come a point when you are scaling past just yourself and you're getting to 10, 20k a month. And that's when you have to actually hire somebody called a cold caller for you. Now, the way to do this is you need a first world demographic. So, if you're based in Australia, you want to be hiring an Australian person to actually do the calls. If you're based in the US, you want to be hiring an American because again, you're selling to local businesses. They're not going to kind of represent well if you have an Indian calling them or a third worlder or anyone that doesn't have the native tongue. Now again, not being racist at all, I'm just telling you this from experience to save you guys the time and effort that I had to learn myself. Now, yes, you can still hire those third world demographics to do external tasks that don't involve direct communication with the client. So, for example, I can still hire and we still do hire people from those countries to do like the website creation for us and to duplicate the website and to kind of handle domains and delivery and everything on their end. But again, for first world countries, you can hire them either with Upwork, you can literally go to upwork.com and just look up exactly what you need. So, for example, I'm a client hiring for a project and then you would just say Australian cold caller needed. You can either pay them on equity, meaning you give them a percentage of the company or a percentage of the leads that they actually bring. Or you can pay them obviously on a payment plan, which would just be like 100 bucks a day or 200 bucks a day, whatever it might be. And then of course, you have KPIs that you need to actually hit to work with you. And KPIs meaning you need to close five clients every month to continue working with us and be able to get that salary. Now again, I know this is a little bit advanced. Some of you guys probably haven't even started the business model yet, but I don't want you to get overwhelmed. I'm literally making this just so you can always refer back to this specific video and have this at your disposal. So, when you do scale past that point, you can always continue doing so. Now, this is the last thing I'm going to leave you guys with and it's probably the most important. Scaling to 10k MRR before expanding into different sub niches. This is imperative. Please, please, please don't make this mistake. When you're first starting out, you need to become an expert in the sub niche you're doing. So, for example, if you're starting in locksmithing, continue selling to locksmiths until you get to 10k a month. This is just important, right? You otherwise you're going to you're going to be cold calling plumbers, roofers, locksmiths, all these other people and it's going to be hard to keep track of the objections you're going to get. So, for example, if you're working with a plumber, they might say, "Well, our average sale is $3,000." Then you might be working with a locksmith person who says, "Our average sale is $150." And you need to have that in the back of your mind to where it becomes third nature or second nature, I should say, to actually close these guys. And the only way you're going to become an expert is by prioritizing one niche at the start and become an expert in handling objections and again, objection handling in that specific niche. And again guys, if you do want to work directly with myself in scaling an AI agency, you can go ahead and check out startofferingai.com. And if you want to join my Discord server, discord.gg/mastermind, it's an entirely free networking environment. And again guys, for the first two people to use the code on tenji.ai, you'll get a completely free 10% off discount. Promo code is release. Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great day.
