# things i've learned "getting rich" at 21..

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWNRDi8wqrs
- Video ID: gWNRDi8wqrs
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 11:48
- Views / published: 249 views • 3 days ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

Here are some things that I wish I had learned and what I actually did learn getting rich at the age of 21. Now again guys, I know that I'm no different to any other guru online. I know that you obviously can't take what I say seriously unless I obviously show you some evidence. So again, this is very different to the usual style of content I'd make. Usually it's quite informative. This is kind of me just ranting and giving my six cents on what I've had to overcome and what hopefully you guys can overcome, obviously with a little bit of tips and some hindsight. So again, just to kind of show you guys what I'm talking about, we currently run an AI agency where we literally just offer AI websites to local businesses. That's kind of what my whole channel is branded about. I make about $600,000 every single year in pure profit, ARR, meaning annual reoccurring revenue. I can, of course, go ahead and refresh my Stripe dashboard numerous times. I won't do any cuts at all whatsoever, just so you guys know that I'm not completely full of crap here. But again, if I go ahead and just wait, there we go. $600,000. Now again, this is something that I personally would never do, but just for the sake of showing you guys transparency, I'm going to pull up my bank account. Now again, I have done numerous different business models. I don't want to act as if AI agencies are what made me all of my money because again, that simply wouldn't be true. But if I head over to one of my business accounts, this is of course my business account. Good afternoon, Blake. And I of course scroll down, you can see we've currently got $1.5 million in capital just sitting in this account, fully liquid. Now, yes, a lot of this does come from different streams of income, but I kind of think that the information I'm going to be sharing today is pretty much universal. I don't think it changes depending on what business model you're doing, whether you're doing what I'm kind of pushing for now, which is of course offering websites to local businesses and kind of the SMA side of it or whether you're doing something like YouTube automation, doesn't matter what you're doing, but again, I have 1.5 mil here. I can obviously go ahead and refresh the page is ComBank. It's a massive Australian bank. Again, I'm not showing this to Flex. I just want to give my advice. So, first things first, and this is something that I have had to overcome. so so so badly. That's called shiny object syndrome. Now, a few of you guys may have heard of this previously. It's essentially where, let's say, for example, you're scrolling YouTube or you're scrolling Twitter and you see a business model that kind of stands out to you. Let's say for example, you know what I offer, selling websites to local businesses. You see a business model, you try it for a day and you're so motivated. You wake up, you're like, "Yes, I'm so excited to start doing this business model. This is the one. This is the one that's going to work out for me." And this is again something that I had to struggle with. I mean, I'm only 21. I started making money online at the age of 15, 16. And again, I struggle with this. I would consistently bounce from idea to idea to idea. And I'd never give one idea enough time to actually see results from it. And again, I think that kind of stems into shiny object syndrome, right? You'll see something, you'll be hella motivated for that one thing. And then another thing will come up, right? And then you'll immediately want to do that thing and you'll stop the first thing and start doing that thing. And that is again a massive killer because again, you have to give something time to actually perform and to marinate to actually be something that does well and to be something that's actually sustainable. I mean, again, I've done a lot of revenue online, probably close to about $7 million in my entire life so far. And I'll tell you what, out of all the business models I've ever done, I've never had something blow up instantly besides one thing, and that was Snapchat. But again, like it's just not comparable. I mean, comparatively to like businesses that actually do well longterm, and you want to have sustainable income that stays forever for the next 5, 10, even 20 years, it is going to take time to actually fulfill on that. It's not going to be instantaneous. It's not going to be immediate. you are going to have to put time in and you are going to have to actually grind to see results. And again, even if you do get lucky and you have one business model that just blows up instantly, it's probably not going to be sustainable because again, if it was, then it wouldn't be so short-term. Now, this is something very, very personal to me. And I'm not sure if any of you guys have kind of felt this before, whether you're doing YouTube, whether you're doing Snapchat, whether you're doing again offering AI to websites or offering AI to businesses, but enjoy the feeling of waking up. This is probably what I sort of push for now, right? Like my biggest thing is not even making money anymore. What I actually enjoy doing and what kind of brings me enjoyment is that feeling of being so excited to go to sleep, to wake up the next day and to just check your phone, you know, see how many sales you got, see if you got a sale. Like, I'm not sure if this is too niche for anyone to kind of understand or relate to, but when I was doing YouTube or when I was doing any sort of business model, I would literally have like dreams, like vivid dreams of me waking up and seeing that a video did really bad or seeing that I didn't get any sales on my business. And it would literally give me like anxiety, right? And I know it sounds stupid, but then you'd wake up and you'd actually see it and you'd be like, "Oh, okay. I I haven't actually checked it yet. Let me go ahead and check it." And then you would check it and see that it actually did do well and it would just be the best feeling. Like, I know I'm kind of ranting on about random stuff and you guys might be like, "What the hell are you even saying?" But again, this is just my experience. This is something that I've personally dealt with. And I can tell you now, this is the dopamine that I chase. I haven't really felt like this in a very, very long time. And nowadays, I have kind of started to get that sort of dopamine rush back and that euphoric feeling of going to bed. And that's because I have been building up my own software, Tangi.ai. This was probably one of my biggest passions, building up softwares. Not even so much making the money anymore. It's more so knowing that you're building something that's actually giving intrinsic value to people. And again, my business model itself, which is obviously selling websites to local businesses, teni is a direct market fit for that. And I'm helping other people all around the world do the exact same model that I'm obviously doing. And that is a very good feeling. To wake up and know that I'm getting sales on something that I actually built from the ground up is very, very euphoric. And again, this is another massive thing. I see so many people even in like my mentorship program, even in my Discord community where like, I just want to make money. I just want to make money. I just want to be successful. Guys, I'm telling you now, and this is coming from a standpoint of someone that has made it essentially. Like, I'm not trying to brag, but I have. I do have all the money I could ever want to spend on anything I need to do. But one of the biggest things is enjoy the time where making money is fun. I know it sounds ridiculous. I know it sounds stupid, like, what? You don't just want money to spawn in? Yes, of course I do. But I will tell you now, the most fun I've ever had in my life was when I was in a really cool networking environment with all of my friends. We were all grinding. We were all striving to be better. And you'd wake up and I'd immediately get up, you know, have a shower, get dressed, and just get on my computer, join the call, and just grind. And whenever you'd get that small sale, you know, $1,000, $2,000, you would have the most dopamine euphoric feeling ever. And that is what I mean by enjoy the time where you're actually making money and that money is fun because again now I can get paid like 50 grand and I won't be that, you know, I I won't be that excited. Now again, it's not to say that I don't value the money. I don't value 50 grand. Of course I do. I understand that that's a lot of money to anybody. But again, it doesn't give you the same dopamine. So don't try and rush it. Don't try and speed up the process. Chances are if you're watching this video, you're going to be successful. It's just the truth of the matter, right? YouTube wouldn't be recommending this video to you if you were just the type of person that just watches like gaming videos or Roblox videos because again, you're not the demographic that would actually be consuming this. But if you are getting recommended this video and you have made it this far, chances are that you have that entrepreneurial mindset and you're actively watching content that obviously caters to that mindset. So again, I want you guys to know that it doesn't matter how long it takes. You are on this earth for so long. And again, if you're 80 years old watching this, sorry, maybe it's a bit cooked for you guys, but the majority of you guys are going to be 15, 16, 20, 25, mid-30s, whatever it might be. There is so much time on this earth to actually enjoy making money. And there's no reason to rush it. Like, I don't think you guys understand just how much can change in the course of a year, for example. Like, we started our agency quite literally a year ago, and we're sitting at $600,000 in ARR, annual reoccurring revenue. We could stop selling websites now, like quite literally right now. And if I didn't do anything, because our churn rate is so high or so low, I should say, which again is how many clients are actually cancelling every month because that is so low, we could quite literally do nothing and still make half a million a year for the next 3 years. And that kind of funnels into what I mean. Enjoy the ride there. Don't necessarily try and speedrun it. This is the most fun time. And again, you won't understand until you actually do this. For some of you guys, you may have already succeeded. You may have already made a couple hundred,000 online, and you're just trying to get into the next business model. And you would know from personal experience that it is so enjoyable to just build up that momentum and actually get that striving drive. Now the next thing and this is again even in like the business model that we sort of work in. This is one of the hardest things to to kind of overcome and that is obviously the fear of objection. Now even in any business model whether that's YouTube automation whether you're doing obviously what I do which is selling websites to local businesses and having to actually cold call them on the phone every single day. The same standards apply. You have to not be afraid to get rejected. Like I might have to call let's say 100 people. Like if I look up plumbing near me, again, if you guys don't know what I do, I sell websites, like pre-made plumbing websites to these local businesses. But again, I might have to call up 70 websites to close one lead. But again, when you close that one lead, you might get $297 a month, and that might last for the next 2 years. So, you actually extracted 5 grand in intrinsic value from that client, but only closed over $2.49 a month, right? Or $279 a month, whatever it might be. But the thing is, you will get rejected. and you if you immediately stop working on a business model just because you get rejected once or twice or three times or four times you're never going to succeed. This is the same with YouTube. If you start a YouTube channel, what if the first five don't do well? Eventually, if you keep trying, you will inevitably succeed. And again, it's the similar to what Alexozi says, work so hard that it becomes unrealistic for success not to follow. And again, I am a firm believer of this. If I had quit when I was obviously starting out with all the business models I had tried, like guys, I had been trying to make money since I was like 11, right? nothing ever worked. I started with Minecraft servers, I went on to YouTube automation, I went on to a bunch of different crap that again didn't do well until something did. And if I had become, you know, sort of scared with that and just given up on the whole online money space and just thought that, you know, it's You can't make money online. That's obviously such a victim mindset. And I hate people like that that just call, you know, if you make money online, you're immediately a scammer. It's just cap. None of that is real, right? That's what a lot of people say. But again, I would have had the same thought process if I had stopped after the first three business models and I hadn't have kept going. All that matters in this world is that you find a specific business model that brings you enjoyment that you that you actually like doing and you know that it has proof of concept. Now, I'm not saying to go do some random you heard once on Twitter, which is like, you know, maybe making like LinkedIn leads or LinkedIn websites or whatever you hear about some random platform that might not be sustainable. Find a business model that you know is sustainable. Whether that's YouTube automation, whether that's e-commerce, whether that's selling websites to local businesses, find something that physically cannot fail, presuming you give enough time to it. Now, I'm not saying do some really obscure method like, you know, AI OFM or whatever the hell it might be. Don't do something Do something you know actually works. And if you do put enough time to it, it will eventually succeed. So, just get over that fear of objection and remove that negative connotation that you know you need this to succeed right now. Enjoy the grind. And again, try and chase that dopamine feeling of waking up every single day excited to actually work. And lastly, what I want to leave you guys with, and this is arguably the most important thing, is your circle. The people you surround yourself with is a direct derivative of what you turn out to be. So for example guys, if I am surrounded by a bunch of bums that are smoking weed every single day, I'm of course not going to be in a good environment or a good circle. I was quite lucky and I was quite fortunate to have been raised in a household where my mom was always really supportive and always tried to let me do my entrepreneurial stuff and let me drop out of school to actually pursue this. But again, it funnels back into not not even your living environment, your networking environment, what Discord calls you sit in, what friend groups you surround yourself with. If you surround yourself with people that are already succeeding in the exact same business model that you want to do, it is quite literally not possible for that not to eventually rub off on you and for you to actually succeed as well. So again, surround yourself with people that actually bring you up, that don't bring you down, that don't have any animosity towards you, that don't have any jealousy towards you. And you all work together in doesn't even have to be the same business model. Like I have so many friends in real life that do e-commerce and make a million dollars a month. And even though our business models are so drastically different, just being in that same circle and kind of atmosphere as them in the same environment brings me up so much more to actually do better. In the business model that I'm specifically in, it's all about the mindset. Now again guys, if you do want to join my Discord server, that's disco.gg/mastermind. It's a really cool networking environment where I literally just share results with all of you guys and help you guys with the business model that I obviously do. Again, I know this was a really personal video. might not be the exact type of thing you want to see on this channel, but again, it means quite a lot to me and I figured I'd make it just to kind of share it with you guys and to give my six sense on hopefully something that will inevitably help some of you guys to actually succeed and get over that fear of objection. And guys, thank you so much for watching. Love you all. Have a great day.
