# how i turned one AI template into a $50K/month cash-cow.. (f*cking stupid lol)

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TopjEiuA-8w
- Video ID: TopjEiuA-8w
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 20:34
- Views / published: 3.3K views • 4 days ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

This is exactly how I turned one AI template into a $50,000 a month in reoccurring revenue business. And again, I can go ahead and literally show you my Stripe dashboard here. You guys can see we're currently sitting at $600,000 in ARR, meaning annual reoccurring revenue. I can obviously go ahead and refresh this Stripe dashboard as many times as needed. And one more thing I'll also do, let me go ahead and ahead and wait for this to actually update so you guys know I'm not kind of splicing the content. You guys can obviously see the MR is still there. Now I can literally go ahead and grab the URL the Stripe.com. I'm going to go ahead and copy, make a brand new tab, and click on paste with no cuts whatsoever. You guys can obviously see it is the real Stripe dashboard. Now guys, please keep in mind I'm not showing this to inherently flex. I just know from personal experience, there's a lot of people that are completely full of [ __ ] on YouTube as a whole and that's something that you kind of have to deal with. But again, I think that by kind of being as transparent as possible, I can obviously shed some light on this business model as a whole and kind of walk you through it. You might be saying, "Well, why the [ __ ] would you ever reveal a business model that is this lucrative?" And I think you'll understand a little bit more about it, why in today's video. And again, you'll see just how undersaturated this model is as a whole, and the reason why, no matter how many people do it, it can never really get that saturated. Now, I'm going to be breaking down the exact blueprint on exactly how to do this. And before I get into anything, if you guys do want to join my Discord server, that's gg/mastermind. It is a super cool networking environment with a ton of other people already doing this exact same business model, and you can just get a [ __ ] ton of help. Now, what is the offer itself? I'm going to be really, really quick with this cuz I've made so many videos. It's literally just going on to framer, getting plumbing framer templates. Frame is like a drag and drop no code software to actually make websites. Find any template. So, for example, plumbing, like this one, your trusted plumbing solutions in New York, then looking up plumbing near me, finding a bunch of local plumbing companies and cold calling them and offering them this exact website and you guys, you know, make it yourself and then just give it to them and just host it every single month in reoccurring revenue. So again, in terms of the price point, we usually charge anywhere from 197 to 297 a month to actually host this entire offer. You might be saying, well, are people really paying that much just for a website? Yes, but there's also quite a few things that we sort of add on to that offer to make it more kind of feasible and realistic for someone to actually stay with you on because again, even if we can get people in the door, and this is something that a lot of these other people talk about with for every single online business model, ecom, drop shipping, YouTube automation, the problem is none of these models are reoccurring revenue. So what help is it if you get $1,000 sale, $2,000 sale? Sure, it's nice quick money, but again, unless you're getting MR, which is monthly reoccurring revenue, you're really having to bring in new clients every month, kind of sustain that business, as opposed to just setting up the foundation, building up a substantial amount of MR, and then just kind of cruising and letting it run itself. Now, what are we actually doing? We're literally just getting these plumbing templates. Don't think it has to be plumbing. There's a ton of different niches. Roofing, scaffolding, pest control, locksmiths, car detailing, so much different [ __ ] Choose a subniche. Literally go on to Framer, find a template that obviously works for you. Then literally look up plumbing near me and just cold call every single one of these local businesses. They have their phone numbers literally listed. Cold call every single one that doesn't have a website. This is really, really important. What I like to do is open up all of these and just look through them. Again, most of them are going to work, but occasionally you'll find one just like this. Roselle Plumbing, who takes a while to load that can give you a pretty good edge in terms of kind of selling them something. Say, "Look, your website didn't load. Obviously, keep going a little bit more." And you run into something like this. They don't have any website listed. This means they're going to be a very very high likelihood of actually closing if you do manage to get them on a cold call. So, what I like to do is obviously once you've chosen your given subniche and you have your template, literally just cold call these people that don't have websites. And again, this is really, really important and I probably should get this out of the way first and kind of preface this. Never try to actually sell them on a cold call. This is something that I think a lot of people get wrong about the business model and that's why when they actually try this model, it never actually works because they're doing it, you know, incorrectly. You never want to sell on the call. What you want to do on the call instead is say something along the lines of, "Hey, I'm a design student. I actually mocked you guys up a completely free website. Like, it's literally already done. If you have like 5 minutes over the next few days, I'd love to hop on a call and just show it to you." And literally pitch it as that. And that way, you're already giving them some intrinsic value. They don't feel like you're really selling them anything. And then once you've actually got them to agree to a call, that's when you want to actually sell to them. And you want to have a demo website ready to actually pitch to them. And again, I'll show you exactly how to make those websites in today's video. And I'm not getting anything out of this. I'm just kind of making this to be entirely transparent and as raw as possible. So, what are we actually offering to enhance the offer aside from just a website? And don't stress guys, I'll get into far more information on the entire model as we go ahead, but let me kind of clear this up. So, again, there's quite a few things. First things first, we're actually giving them the website itself. This is pretty apparent. We're hosting a website. Frame literally hosts it for you. I can literally go ahead and click on my dashboard, go to projects. I'll show you one of the uh templates that we actually use. So, here, this is one of the plumbing templates that we obviously use quite a bit and I believe it's the same one that I just showed you. Yeah. So again, we'll literally just set the name to whoever we're working with. So for example, Service Today plumbing. Literally put in service today plumbing. So if they do agree to a follow-up call, you'd literally just give them this website. It's as simple as that. You might be saying, "Well, how do you host it?" Literally click on Framer. And again, this is not sponsored whatsoever. Please don't get that twisted. I don't give a [ __ ] if you use Framer. It's just how I personally do things and it makes it way easier. But literally click on publish. You can go ahead and get a free domain. You can click on the plan section. It's like five bucks a month to actually host a website. So again, we're getting paid 19727 a month. And our only actual expenses are those hosting costs involved, which is like $5. Now, some of the things we can obviously add to the website. And one of the biggest things is that most of these local businesses, keep in mind, are completely old-fashioned. I mean, they have no real way and no sort of social media experience. So, they have no way of contacting dead leads. They sort of rely on the phone number, right? So, they get called up all the time to actually book jobs. And when those people are trying to call up, right, what if the company isn't open 24/7? They have no way of capturing those dead leads. So, one of the things we can actually do is look up Framer plugins. This is something you can literally just drag and drop directly into the framer site that you just made. Look up something like contact us. And what you can do is get a completely free contact us form that you can quite literally just embed into the website and use that to actually reach out to these companies and use as leverage, right? So, you can say, "Look, you can capture dead leads. Do you have any way of capturing these dead leads?" Feed into their objection. So, a lot of these guys are going to be like, "Well, what are you actually providing me?" One of the ways you can pitch it and kind of, you know, frame it is look, even if we're just able to bring you two extra sales a month, that would make back the amount you're paying us plus so so much more and you get all of the affforementioned benefits. So again, you can literally just embed this uh contact us form directly into your site. You can obviously go ahead and do a live chat system, which is also really really good like AI live chat. There's a framer template right here called live chat and AI ask dolphin literally trains itself based on the website template you give it. And again, you can completely customize it and it's completely free once you get it for the first time. So again, once you have a perfectly optimized setup, this is where this kind of whole business model really strives, right? Once you have a perfect setup, you can reuse that same website 450 times for every single local business. You literally can just go back to your dashboard once you have your template there. Go ahead and click on duplicate and literally just change the name for each lead you have. It is so easy. Now again, another kind of feature we can offer is Google reviews. This is pretty imperative, right? So a lot of these old people, they care a lot about Google reviews. Knows why. If you want to know how to actually get Google reviews, I I can't really talk too much about this on YouTube because of course they're owned by Google. But if you do want to work directly with myself in scaling an AI agency and you want access to all of my tools, all of my resources, and obviously one-on-one directly with myself, you can go ahead and check out start offering aai.com. Book a completely free course myself. And if you don't have 20 clients at 197 a month, so if you're not at 4K a month, by the end of the program working directly with me, you get a complete money back guarantee, no questions asked. Don't get I don't want to dabble too much into this. Again, it's start offering.com. It'll be linked down below. Let's get back into the video and actually sharing the value. Another massive thing you can obviously offer to these guys is removing negative reviews. This is a huge one, right? A lot of these people, they have negative reviews and it really makes an impact on their business. Like I couldn't tell you the amount of times that my mom has had a cry and like got really upset because she has a one-star review on Google. For these old people and these people that aren't kind of versed in social media, it is such a big leverage pinpoint to be able to kind of get at their weaknesses and what they're actually worried about, which again for these old people it's Google reviews. Knows why. It just is. And it's obviously what a big turning point for us has been to actually optimize churn and incentivize these people to actually close with us. But again, we can obviously talk about exactly how to remove these negative reviews. It's very, very easy. Again, I can't show this on YouTube because it's kind of against to you. You guys probably get the gist. Another massive massive thing, and this is actually bigger than any of the other things we've spoken about yet, and it's not really big for the reason you might think, but for actually churn optimization, meaning the percentage of people that are actually canceling the subscription with you every single month. Because again, what's the point of bringing in 20 clients a month if 10 of them are leaving every month? Sure, you're getting some cash flow, but again, if you want to really build up to 50K MR, 100K MR, even past that, like there's creators like Kai Stone that do $400,000 in MR. The way they're able to do this is churn optimization, meaning you're bringing in more clients than are actually leaving every month. And domain ownership plays a crucial role in this. I'm not going to talk too much into it now. We'll talk a little bit more about it at the end of the video. Now, how do I actually close? Now, again, you can use whatever you want. I personally use Teni, but if you're just starting out, literally just use Google. It's completely free and it won't cost you anything. Again, I'd recommend using a software like Teni once you're kind of established. It just makes things a lot easier. I can go to the lead search section. I can obviously choose my subniche, which might be like pest control. And then I'll choose my obviously location. And again, there's like a million locations you can choose. There are so many different niches and so many different locations. So again, this funnels into what I was talking about with, of course, the fact that this model can't be oversaturated. That's why I'm able to share it because again, I live in Australia. I work with three specific niches. There's like 400 niches. And again, there's so many different countries. So, wherever you're based, there's always going to be a niche that doesn't really get cold calls that has a big proof of concept. And we'll get a little bit more into this and choosing your niche and everything in today's video. But again, this is how Teni works. I literally look up pest control, choose my subniche, it'll rank all of the leads based on Google obviously out of 100. Now, the reason why this website here or this company was ranked 90 out of 100 is because they have no website whatsoever. So, Tangi actually scans Google and finds you leads that have no website or a slow website. We're going to go ahead and literally just save the lead on all of the companies that found me that don't have a website. I can head back over to my tracking CRM dashboard and I can obviously go ahead and drag these into called, interested, followed up, and closed. Again, if I want to go ahead and call this guy, let's say I'm doing pest control, click on website generator. Literally just choose the lead that I just made. So, again, let's just say I wanted to go with a plumbing lead that I obviously have in my account. Click on the plumbing template. Click on generate demo site. And within a few seconds, Teni will actually make you the demo site. Again, this is completely free to do. Like this is insane. I click on copy share link. Can go ahead and open this directly. Has a contact us form. It has Google reviews. It has their phone number. It has everything you would need for a plumbing template. And it's perfectly scalable to actually offer to these guys. Now, again, this is what I'm talking about. Never make the sites before you get them to agree to obviously a actual Zoom call or a Google Meet. What I was talking about before prior is obviously your end goal should always be to never try and sell on the cold call. You want to kind of get them over to a Google Meet or a Zoom call in which you can actually sell them for 197 to 297 a month, right? And by doing that, we obviously need a demo site, but we don't want to make the demo until they've agreed to do that Zoom call. So again, once they've agreed, make the demo site 2 minutes before the call using a software like Teni or literally just doing it yourself and show this to them on the call. Talk about all of the other features. Obviously, start objection handling. This is really, really important. If you want to do this business model, you really need to get over the fear of objections. You can't be scared to work. You can't be scared to get rejected because again, think about it this way and this is obviously how I got through it. It becomes second nature talking to these idiots and obviously trying to close them because again when you talk to them and you kind of handle those objections and this is another one of those reasons why I've said stick with one niche at the start until you get to like 10 20k a month because again you become more versed in that niche. Like for example, if you're selling to roofers, right? You'll kind of understand the objections that roofers usually have. Objections meaning kind of things they bring up on the call that you have to kind of overcome to sell to them, right? But if you're working with plumbing, roofing, scaffolding, all these other niches at the very start, your brain's going to get scrambled. You're not even going to know what you're talking about because again, you're working with so many different kinds of people and so many different industries that have different needs and different desires. Again, stick with one at the start. Literally just offer them this website if they like it. Click on copy remix link. You can go ahead and open this directly in Framer and add that template directly to your framer account and then obviously give it to them just like we spoke about before. Now, this is again very very important. We need to be using the demo as leverage in the cold call. This is imperative, right? you need to be handling their objections, right? Like let's say you cold call 500 people in a day, which is pretty possible. I mean 500 cold calls is quite hard. I'm not going to sit here and lie to you. I'd say maybe about 200 is probably more realistic for those of you that are starting. Like if you were to work maybe 7 hours, you could easily cold call 200 people. Let's just say that out of those 200 people you cold call and you offer a demo site. Let's even be conservative. Let's say only 10% say yes to a follow-up call. That's 20 calls you have booked. If you just close even eight of those calls, right? 8 time 197 a month depending on your AOV, which we'll talk a little bit more about later. That's still $1,500 in MR added. Now, you might be saying, well, that's great, but 1,500 bucks, that's a lot of money. I get it, but that's just one time. That is where this becomes insane, right? If you were to do this for 10 days in a row, you would have added $15,000 in monthly reoccurring revenue to that specific business. So, you have to think about it like that. It compounds. Even if you only get a $197 sale, that $1 197 sale might be a year of perceived value, meaning that one sale will still give you 1,500 in lifetime AOV and LTV. And it obviously becomes a very, very good way to obviously build some sufficient income. Like, if I go over to literally my Stripe dashboard right now, and I literally just show you guys this. You can probably see just how consistent this ARR is. Like, I could quite literally just stop running this business tomorrow. We've added 50K just in the last month. I could stop running this business tomorrow and it would still generate passive income. I would honestly say that if I stopped doing anything and literally just let the business run the way it's running with the current clients we have and not onboard anyone else. I'd say we'd still be at like 475,000 ARR a year from now, which is [ __ ] insane. And I really can't say the same thing for any other business model that I've ever encountered before, aside from maybe like YouTube automation. And again, you still need to post, you know, new content to actually make that do well. Hey guys, before we get into any further, if you do want to work directly with me in scaling an AI agency and you want a complete guarantee, a money back guarantee, if you don't have 20 clients at 197 a month by the end of the program, so essentially if you don't have 4K a month in revenue by the end of it, you get a complete money back guarantee, no questions asked. We're only working with a few more people in this current batch cuz we're obviously trying to build up some testimonials since this channel is brand new. You can obviously check out start offering.com and book a completely free call with myself. Now, this is where it gets important and if you honestly can't handle this, this model isn't for you. You should really just click off the video now and not even bother. That is objection handling, right? When you call these people, you are going to be rejected nine times out of 10. Please, please, please be aware of that. Don't go into this with the expectation that when you first start out, you're going to have $1,000 in the first day in MR. It's not realistic. It's going to take time for you to really be able to handle those objections and not stutter and not slow down and not, you know, you have to really persist with it. You can't get deterred from those few times or a lot, not really a few times, from those kind of big times when everyone just says no to you. Again, once you close your first three clients, this becomes a lot easier. I can say this on personal experience because again, yes, now we do run meta ads. We do have a couple cold callers for us that work around the clock. But in the beginning, it was just me and my partner. We would literally just cold call people all day to kind of get this business model to have some proof of concept. And again, handling these objections is a very hard thing. But if you are the type of person that can just go and just hunker down and just [ __ ] do it, you will actually reap those results and you'll see it in first person. Right now, this is what I want to talk about. Churn optimization. Churn means the amount of people that are cancelling every single month. And to get this down, we need to have incentives for them to not actually leave us. Now, yes, having a website is great. One of the ways we actually have worked on optimizing our churn is like, let's say we look up plumbing niming. And again, this only really worked with those leads that don't have websites, which is again why we always target those leads. But let's say, for example, we scrolled for a couple minutes and we found a lead that had no website at all. I'm obviously going to go ahead and fill out this capture. So, right here, Tap on Plumbing Solutions. They have no website at all. So, what we actually like to do as soon as we sign them is actually get them a domain. So, I can look up tap on time plumbing, right? Let's say I close this guy and they have no domain whatsoever. What we can actually do is buy the domain on our account. You guys can see here the.com is literally $6 for the first year. It's like six bucks a year. It's [ __ ] nothing, right? So, like what is that? 50 cents a month when you own the domain. And it might sound a little bit scummy, but again, this is just what I've experienced success with and I want to be as transparent as physically possible for you guys. But again, when you own the domain, it is far far far less likely for them to leave you because again, they kind of rely on you as that middleman to actually host the website for them. And it honestly becomes a headache for them to leave. I mean, you've already built up SEO, you've already built up backlinks, you've already built up the entire website. And again, these people have no idea how social media works. So, when you do build up obviously the relationship where you own the domain, it gives such a strong leverage tool. And this is the reason why we've got our churn rate right now to be less than 5%. Meaning less than 5% of our clients cancel every single month. Now, do not notify clients each month. This is another massive optimization, right? A lot of these people when they work with clients, they'll consistently be giving them updates like every single couple days. Yo, everything's going fine. Everything's going good. The website's still going good. Do you want me to do anything else? That is going to just remind them that they're working with you. The best businesses are the ones where they forget they're subscribed. Think Netflix, Hulu, all these other massive monthly reoccurring models, right? You don't even think about them because they're second nature because they're not consistently notifying you about a bunch of [ __ ] Same thing matters here, right? I'm not saying don't talk to them, right? You just don't need to be in touch every single month. All right? You can just be giving them updates here and there like, "Yo, everything's going good. We're seeing some really good success every couple months. Please, please, please don't get this twisted." And don't reach out to them every single day and say, "Yo, we did this. We did this. We did this. Is there anything I can do? Is there anything I can do?" It's just going to annoy them and it's just going to keep notifying them and reminding them subconsciously that they're working with you. And again, this is one of those massive things we've changed that just rebuilt our entire mindset and our entire business as a whole. Now, rebranding a framer template. This is also quite important. Like let's say you wanted to do a very obscure subniche like locksmithing for example. If we look up like locksmith template framework, there might not be one. You guys can see like there's really not a locksmith template. But what there is is templates like for example plumbing. So what I can actually do is go back to this plumbing template and we can just rebrand this to be whatever we need. So again, I already replaced this one to be a locksmith. You can literally just go through here, use AI to change everything from plumbing to literally just locksmith. And whenever you're working in a new subniche, just do this for the exact same template you've already built up and just change the images. Again guys, even if it takes you an hour to make a brand new template that's completely good to use, it's worth it because again, you can reuse that same template over and over and over again 150 times and build up that 10K MR business. And finally, this is the last thing I want to kind of dabble into, and that is finding a high AOV niche with proof of concept around you. This is really, really important. If you live in Africa, locksmiths might not be the best option. Again, I wouldn't even sell this business model if I'm in Africa cuz the AOV and the amount of money that the average person is making isn't really high enough to actually justify the norms. It's like for example, you want to be living in a first world country. If you live in India and you want to do this, you can still sell to Americans, but you're probably going to have that Indian accent and they're far less likely to work with you. This isn't even me being racist. It's literally just the [ __ ] truth. I'm sorry to tell you. So, the only way for you to do that if you do live in one of those third world countries is by hiring someone from a first world country either on equity. So, you give them a percentage of the money that they bring you or you just pay them hourly. But this is what I'm talking about. I know we've kind of varied the price point. Usually, we charge these businesses anywhere from 197 to even 3.97 a month, right? And the only way we're able to do these very very high price points like 397 is if we're working with companies like roofing, plumbing, HVAC, companies that have a super high AOV, meaning average order value. Again, you have to be able to position this offer. Like even if we're just bringing you one client a month, you'll be able to make back your money plus more. This only works at the high price points like 3.97 a month. If you're working in one of these niches that they can actually afford to do so like if you're working with like pest control or like car detailing, their AOV might only be like 50 bucks per job, right? So, they're really not going to be able to pay you that premium amount. So, if you are catering to those guys, make sure you're working at like that 197 price point, even as low as like 157 to just really sell the deal. But again, when you're working with people like plumbing, you can obviously go ahead and make it a little bit higher. A way you can actually find the best price points is like what's the AOV in a bunch of subniches like plumbing, HVAC, scaffolding, etc. Literally just send this to JBT and it's going to go ahead and give you a ton of good subniches that have high virality in your location. So, what I also like to do, you guys can see here, 2500 AOV, high close rate, everything like that. So, what I actually like to do is say, if I'm based in Australia, give me some really good subniches with a semi high AOV and a lot of demand with not much competition. And again, you would do this based on wherever you're located. So, if you're located in Canada, Vancouver, Texas, Arizona, Nevada, wherever the you might be, do this based on whatever works for you. So, again, air conditioning, $1.5 to $5,000 per install. So again, we can say even if we're just bringing you one job a month at $300 a month, you're making 10 times the amount of profit on whatever you're paying us. So even just one job a month pays for the next year in advance working with us. Again, you can kind of see where I'm going with this. Again, guys, if you want to work directly with me in scaling an AI agency, it's start off.com. And if you want to join my Discord server, discord.gg/mastermind. A completely free networking environment, and it's such a cool environment. Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great day.
