# i charge $297 a month for this website, and 168 companies pay me..

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE15cjPQcDI
- Video ID: zE15cjPQcDI
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 18:22
- Views / published: 5.1K views • 5 days ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

I charge $297 a month for this one website template and 168 companies pay me again every single month. Now again, I know this means nothing without some actual evidence. So, here's our Stripe dashboard. Again, we're sitting at about just over half a million dollars a year in annual recurring revenue with about $45,000 in monthly net volume. And again, this could easily be fake. So, I'm going to go ahead and refresh the page as many times as need be to kind of get the point across. Again, I'm not going to do any sort of cuts right now just so it's as transparent as possible. And you can see we are sitting at just over $50,000 in MRR. Now, this is going to be a little bit more of a more advanced video. Don't worry, I'm still going to be going over the business model and how you can sort of get started, but I do want to make this sort of fleshing out the offer, explaining for more advanced viewers on how I actually scale to this point and what one of the biggest killers was for me. And that honestly was churn optimization. Now, I'm going to get a little bit more into what churn optimization is, you know, throughout this video, but to start things off, what is the business model? Now, it's very simplistic. I want to look something up like plumbing near me on Google. Now, again, you can do different niches. Doesn't have to be plumbing. You can do HVAC, scaffolding, roofing, uh car detailing, whatever the sub niche might be. Doesn't really make a difference. But essentially, what I do is I find local businesses that don't have a website. So, right here, this guy has no website. And then I'd literally just go to a software like framer.com, look up plumbing template for free, and just grab any of these free templates, download them, and literally just put the name that I'm trying to sell to, pull them up and say, "Hey, made you a website. We can give it to you for $197 to $297 a month. Are you interested?" That's essentially the business model in a nutshell. Now, no, Framer doesn't cost anything. I'm not sponsored by Framer. This is literally how we do it. So, I want to talk about my biggest killer. That was churn optimization. Now, I was stuck at $25,000 a month in recurring revenue for like 3 months. And we couldn't figure out for the life of us why. And then we really started to dive into the numbers and we kind of looked through it and started to flesh everything out. And we realized that we were losing more clients than we were actually getting every single month, so subscribers. So, yes, we were bringing people in the door, but they weren't retaining. They weren't staying. And there's honestly a few good reasons for this. And I think that this is probably one of the biggest killers when you first start out. And like the amount of churned revenue we had was in sane. So, I believe at the start we were sitting at like 40% churn, which means that 40% of our clients every single month were actually going out the door and just leaving. And just for reference, now we're sitting at just under 10% closer to 5% churn. Now, how did we do this? So, again, in the actual offer itself, it's pretty simplistic. We give them the website itself. We give them a contact us form. They I mean, embed that into the website template. So, again, they can kind of reach those leads that they wouldn't be able to reach if they were closed. And that's one of the biggest leverage things we have. Uh we have AI live chatbots. So, it kind of trains itself on the website. And then literally just like can be used as sort of a training bot without having to actually pay for it. The way we do this if you is if you look up Framer plugin and you head to like the Framer plugin marketplace, you can quite literally just look up like AI live chat. It's like five bucks a month and we just add it on all of our websites. And it honestly increases kind of the perceived value we give these agencies and all these businesses like tenfold. Now, again, these are kind of the big three things that we offer, but another thing we do offer is domain ownership. Now, this is where we managed to optimize our churn rate so much more. When we were first starting out, we didn't even handle domains. Yes, if someone didn't have a domain, we might help them out, but we never thought too much into it. Until we started realizing that again, because we're targeting these businesses that don't have any sort of website linked. Guys, before we go any further, if you do want to join my Discord server, it's discord.gg/mastermind. A little bit of a cheeky plug, it's completely free to join. I just figured I'd plug it here because again, we have like half a thousand members now that are all doing the same business model and it's really cool to kind of network and get some advice. Now again, what I was saying about domain ownership. Yes, we were kind of giving these domains to people, but if you think about it, a lot of these companies that you're reaching out to and again, you want to be calling the companies that have no website because you're more likely to sell them a website if they don't have it. But what we noticed that a lot of these guys don't have any domains. So, like let's say for example, we wanted to close Russo Brothers. We'd head over to like namecheap.com, which is like one of the cheapest domains for like .com domains. And we'd literally just do like Russo Plumbing Brothers or some [ __ ] like that. Literally doesn't even matter as long as it relates to their name. And we do a bunch of different variations until we found the .com variation available, which again would be right here. And what we do is we'd actually include that domain into the whole purchase price. So, even though they're paying us $197 to $297 a month, we would pay for their domain completely separately. And again, it's like five bucks a year for a .com domain. So, what is that? 50 cents a month? And what we actually did was not give them the domain. We would just link the domain to the website we're hosting them. And we're building up SEO. We're building up traction. We're building up kind of everything under that domain. So, what it does is it makes it really hard for them to leave us. And again, we're not under any legal obligation to give them this domain. I mean, if they ask for it after, we kind of can, but it's sort of used as a deterrent, right? So, it stops them from ever churning because again, they know that then they need to rely on us to actually host a website. A little bit scummy, but I mean, you're in this industry, who really gives a [ __ ] It's not like you're kind of scamming them. You're giving them intrinsic value, right? You're giving them a crazy website. You're giving them ways to kind of opt-in leads. And again, to just capture those leads that they aren't getting after hours and they wouldn't have had otherwise. Now, this is another massive, massive killer. And this is probably one of the biggest things I see people making my Discord server and one of the biggest problems. And that is actually doing monthly check-ins with clients. Now, no, it's not bad to be talking to your clients and your local businesses that you close all the time, right? But what we actually did at the start is we would like handhold so much to the point where they became like reliant on us. And they wanted us to do fixes for them. They wanted us to do all these add-ons for them for completely free. And it's honestly just not worth it. And what I've actually noticed is the clients that retain the best are the ones that you don't even talk to. You might speak to them maybe once every other month, once every two, three months. But you don't want to be giving them updates every week. Like, "Here, Jack, uh the website's going really good. Is there anything we can do to make it more seamless?" You're just going to annoy them. It's like the best subscriptions come from companies that don't even make you remember your subscription. Like, how many of you guys get those Apple transactions every day where it's like 10 bucks to Apple and you're like, "What the [ __ ] am I even paying for?" You don't even know. But again, that's another massive thing that is kind of changed the game for us. And again, getting past that 10K a month mark is really where you'll notice that these small little changes can make a massive difference in actually retaining these users and building up your churn and building up your MRR. Now, another massive, massive thing is sticking to one sub niche until 10K MRR. Now, this is what again, one of the biggest things. Please, please, please stop scaling before you're ready. I'll see you so many people that obviously find like, let's say for example, uh plumbing Framer template. They might do plumbing. They might close like two clients. And then they have a dry patch where they don't close any more clients from cold calling. And they'll just like immediately go to a different niche. They'll just think that their niche is dead and just go to like roofing or something. Now, you have to remember, it's not as if we're closing on the calls, right? We're not doing that. We're calling them. We're saying, "Look, we already made you a demo site. When are you free for a call?" Then you want to get them on a Zoom call or a Google Meet call. And that's when you want to actually close them. But again, there's going to be objections. You're going to have to handle people that are like in specific niches. Like plumbing might have certain objections. Roofing might have their own set of objections. And if you're consistently changing your sub niche, so you're going from plumbing to roofing to scaffolding to air conditioning to car detailing, even though you're booking a large amount of calls, you're going to have a much lower close rate than if you just hunkered down and just double down and became an expert on that one specific sub niche. Now, we didn't do any other niche until 10K a month. And that was when we did roofing. We got to like 10, 15K MRR with just a roofing template. But now we've kind of, you know, got out of that. And now we do pest control. We do locksmithing. We do all these other sub niches in Australia as well. And keep in mind, this business model works anywhere, right? So, like for example, if I look up, let's just say locksmith near me. It's a really big niche in Australia, but it might not be big where you are. So, obviously, do your own research. But one of the best things is, and you might be saying, "Well, why the hell do you even leak what you're saying if it's so profitable?" And that's a completely fair statement and a completely fair question. But again, it's simply because the competition is never going to be that big since I again live in Australia. And I live in Sydney. I live in a small part of Australia. And there's like 150 different niches you could choose. So, think about all the locations in the world that all have a whole different set of niches and a whole different set of local businesses that it kind of becomes unrealistic for saturation to really take part. Now, I'm not saying that niches can't become oversaturated because again, I always say to everyone in my Discord and in my private community, if you do want to work directly with me, one of the things I always say is like you never want to do a niche like plumbing or scaffolding or like roofing because again, they're just they are getting a little bit big. I'm not going to lie to you. But again, guys, if you do want to work directly with myself in scaling an AI agency, I work directly with you. I give you complete access to all of my AI tools to literally scrape Google and find leads. And again, if you don't have $4,000 a month by the end of the 90-day program, you get a complete money-back guarantee, no questions asked. Like literally, if you don't have 20 paying clients at $197 a month by the end of the program, money-back guarantee. Again, if you want to check it out, it's startofferingai.com. We don't have an infinite number of slots, but if you do want to go ahead and apply and just see if you're a good fit, feel free to do so. It's linked down below. Now again, this is a massive, massive thing I get. Now, this is where it gets important. I see so many people asking me even in my Discord server like, "How do you take payments?" Because again, you want to be getting recurring payments. You want them to be able to put their credit card on file. And every single month at their specific, you know, renew date, it just charges their card every month. Now, no, people ask me, "Do I just do Venmo? Do I just do Cash App?" No, you don't just do that. Because again, you're going to be asking them every single month and that's going to drastically ruin your churn. And it's just not long-term. So, there's two realistic options. First option is Stripe. This is obviously what we use and it's by far the best option. But there is a caveat. Stripe is known for kind of banning accounts and like disabling accounts all the time. So, if you are starting out, we did get lucky cuz again, we were already an established business. Like I already had my own business started before this. But I just started it as like a side hobby. And lo and behold, it did end up doing quite well. Then now I'm taking it more seriously. But again, if you're brand new, Stripe can sometimes limit your account. So, another really good option would be [ __ ] They can like immediately just like compete with Stripe fees. And you're never really going to run into any problems with like getting hit with a ban or any of that [ __ ] But again, if you want to check it out, it's wop.com. Not sponsored again, but it's just a really good option. The only caveat with [ __ ] as opposed to Stripe is that more clients are going to be related to Stripe, right? So, a lot of people are more comfortable sending payments on Stripe. So, you might get a couple objections here and there if you are using [ __ ] But overall, I would say it's probably more preferred for new agencies just starting out that don't have any sort of leverage or pre kind of established connection with Stripe. Now, the next thing I want to talk about, and this is very, very important factor as well, is optimizing one specific Framer template. Stop doing multiple or private features. Now again, I'm not going to sit here and act like I'm some good Samaritan. I did make this mistake as well. I would consistently be changing Framer templates and it just wasn't sustainable, right? The way you want to do this is you want to find a good template. Like for example, let's just say you wanted to use this plumbing template here. Literally just click on use for free and save this to your account. And again, you don't need to do it for plumbing. You could quite literally just download it and just change all the images to like scaffolding or to roofing or to again even like pest control. Doesn't really make a difference and and then just change all the wording and all the descriptions and you can kind of turn any template into whatever template you need it to be. And what you want to do is again go into the Framer plugins section. We may have already spoke about this, but you can you can just get like AI live chatting tools directly in Framer from like the plugin folder. Even like contact us forms, Google reviews, absolutely everything. Again, if I look up something like reviews, there's like social proof reviews, reviews pro, pixels reviews, Google reviews. You can even like embed Google reviews directly inside of your Framer template. So I can literally just click on open plugin and just add that directly into the template that I just made. So this kind of funnels back into what I was saying about doubling down on one specific template. So rather than doing all these custom design options for all these businesses, just make a really really solid template with a [ __ ] load of of obviously plugins and give the most intrinsic value you can and then just do very small changes here and there for those local businesses. Like they might want a color scheme change. They might want a name change, a description change. You can do little small tweaks here and there. But again, what I really want you guys to be doing is focusing and doubling down on one specific template that again you become the best at and you optimize that to its fullest potential. And again, I just added that our Google reviews thing. So all you would do is literally just put in your Google widget ID and then just add widget. It would literally just embed all of their Google reviews directly into their site and you can just reuse that every single time going forward for every single business. Now, this is one of the things Framer does really really well is like let's say that I just closed a brand new plumbing template and rather than making the entire thing from scratch, I can literally just go on my main master template, which I would recommend all of you guys do is just like save one template that is like your base and then every time you sign a client, click on the three dots and click on duplicate and literally just duplicate it every single time an indefinite amount for however many clients you're signing. Now, this is the biggest thing and I see so many people that try and do this and I will say with certainty we do not do this anymore. It doesn't matter who it is. I will lose the sale if it means this. You never want to sign clients that want custom deals. This means they're like, "Oh, can can you add this and this and this and can you do this and this and this?" All that means and all that tells you is that they're going to be annoying. You don't want clients that are going to be irritating to you. Sure, if you're just starting out, it might be worth signing them just to build up your you know credibility and kind of get some capital going, but I really don't want you guys to be relying on this, you know, later than line to actually do this long-term because all they're going to do is give you headaches. These customers are the [ __ ] worst. You may have even noticed this like with high ticket programs and stuff. When you sell an expensive thing to a rich person, they don't even ask questions. But when you sell something cheap to a poor person, they ask a million questions and it's so annoying. So we really want to be targeting the people that just don't care and they just want to have it handled. Don't do custom deals. Don't do all these small little tweaks and optimizations to make their life easier. Just ignore that sale or try and objection handle the best you can to actually close that client at a normal rate. Now, next thing. AOV based pricing. This is again a big problem people do. I see people that try and be greedy, right? So again, I've mentioned before we charge anywhere from 197 to 397 a month. We don't do 397. We do 197 to 297, but I have seen some people do 397. So it is possible in really high AOV niches. Now, what AOV means is average order value. So for example, plumbers, right? They might get let's just say $5,000 per average sale. Whereas, you know, if you're if you're targeting car detailing, they might only get like $100 per average sale. So you have to make sure that your pricing reflects the demographic you're selling to. Now, I am not saying don't sell to car detailing. Don't sell to people that don't make as much money. That's not at all what I'm saying. You can't make your pricing like 397 a month if you're selling to a demographic that has a low AOV because all that's going to do is give you more objections. Ideally, the way you want to be able to pitch this business model to these clients is look, even if we just bring you one extra client a month, you're making what? Three extra profit. But that only works if you're in a niche where it actually makes sense. So again, keep this in mind. Please base your pricing dependent on the niche you're actually targeting and not vice versa. Now, if you're not familiar with how much your niche sort of you know averages, you can just ask ChatGPT like what's the AOV in the plumbing niche and the scaffolding niche, whatever it might be and it will obviously tell you. Now, this is again probably the bread and butter of what you guys have been waiting for and that is how I actually handle cold calling and how I actually find leads. Now, I don't want to sound like a broken record or a sellout. I do own a software that I made specifically for this exact business model. It's called tenji.ai. I literally use this myself. So all of you guys saying I'm just trying to sell a product, I don't really give a [ __ ] Don't buy it if you don't want it. I really couldn't care less. But again, there's two options. Again, when we first started, we didn't use a software like tenji. We just did it ourselves. So if you do want to do it yourself, all you want to do is make a brand new Google document, call it leads for example and just scroll through Google for a few hours, find all of the leads you can that don't have a website, which you can see right here and then just directly add them onto the folder. But again, that's not realistic for us anymore at the scale we're doing it. So I figured out that I had to make a software to actually solve this problem and that's exactly what we did with tenji.ai. I can literally head over to lead search. It's like a whole CRM. It tracks your revenue, your MRR, all of the leads. Like you have a tracking system to literally just like drag and drop leads into like closed or into interested or followed up. And again, you can also generate the websites directly in tenji. But again, the best thing like if I was to close one of my leads like Impact Plumbing, I'd literally just choose a plumbing template, click on generate demo site and it would quite literally make me a perfect template for that specific lead with their phone number and everything. But again, the way it works is that I'd head over to lead search, I'd type in plumbing and then I'd choose my location, which for example, I live in Chatswood. So I'm just going to put in something like Chatswood at the suburb near my house. I'm literally just going to click on generate leads and what tenji does is it scrapes all of Google, thousands of specific options, right? And finds you the leads that don't have websites or have a very slow website. So it manually tracks every single website and loads it and sees if it's optimized or unoptimized. And the way it works is it will rank every single one on the likelihood of them closing. So again, 90 out of 100, no website at all. So I'd literally just click on save lead, save lead, save lead and do this like 50 times for a bunch of different suburbs near myself. And then again, all those leads will be saved directly into tenji's tracker, which I can then go ahead and cold call. If they're interested, I can obviously drag them into cold. I can drag them into interested, into followed up. And then of course, if I do close them, drag them into closed and write in the amount that I obviously closed them for, which might be 197 a month and then that will obviously reflect directly on the dashboard itself. Now again guys, no stress whatsoever. If you do want to go ahead and check out tenji, it's tenji.ai. Head over to pricing, use the promo code video. I'm going to give this to the first two people that use it and it will give you a 10% off sale for the first month. Now again, it's only going to work for the first two. So enjoy that. Now, the last thing I do want to touch base on and arguably one of the most important is scaling too early. Now, I didn't personally fail from this or struggle with this because again, we kind of just bootstrap the whole thing and we started with cold calling. But a lot of people not only have two problems. They try and scale with meta ads far too soon. Meta ads of course meaning Facebook ads trying to target local businesses to obviously book a call. But again, your acquisition cost is going to be so through the roof if you don't have experience, if you're not good at closing and you're really not going to have a solid close rate. So again, wait until you have like 10K MRR monthly recurring revenue before you actually start scaling with meta ads. And again, this is probably the biggest savior for all of you guys. Don't waste money on meta ads. Get the groundwork done. Get the framework done and get some proof of concept to where you know this business model actually works. And then you'll have that sort of experience to objection hold and the fear of rejection and everything to actually be able to close these leads you're getting that are obviously going to be much more warm than if you cold call. And the last thing I want to touch base on guys is the fear of objection. Do not be scared. Yes, you might get 60 people that say no. But even if you get one person that says yes, that's 297 a month for the next year. That could be three grand in received value from just working one day a week. And not one day a week, sorry, but just getting one close a day. And keep in mind, even if we're only closing let's say 10 clients a month, that's $3,000 a month in MRR. If you retain those clients with a good churn rate and you do the same thing next month. Now, that's $6,000 MRR. Next month, nine, 12, 15. It begins to compound. And again, if you do have a [ __ ] churn rate, this is pretty redundant because it's just going to kind of drag down and down and down. But if you optimize your churn and you do everything we spoke about, it becomes miles easier. Again guys, if you want to learn all about how I close, all my call recordings, everything, go ahead and check out startofferingai.com. Book a completely free call with myself. Again, slots are limited, but I can't wait to hear from some of you guys. Book a call. I'll see if you're a good fit and if you are, we'll definitely work together. And lastly, if you want to join my Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. Completely free environment. No stress at all. But again, it's really really cool to network with you guys. Have a great day. Thank you all for watching.
