# How i make $50k/mo passively re-selling Websites to Businesses

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SieVCVhPPlQ
- Video ID: SieVCVhPPlQ
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 17:03
- Views / published: 10K views • 7 days ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

Now, this is how I make $50,000 every single month, completely passively reselling websites to local businesses. Now, again, I know how absolutely [ __ ] that sounds to say out loud. And again, you're completely kind of in the right to question it. And again, most people on YouTube are completely full of [ __ ] So, first things first, let me go ahead and head over to my Stripe dashboard. Obviously, you guys can see here currently sitting at $50,000 in MR, meaning monthly reoccurring revenue. And our ARR, which is, of course, annual recurring revenue, is over $600,000. I can go ahead and refresh this Stripe page obviously while recording as many times as need be to actually make this apparent. Obviously for pretty obvious reasons I'm going to go ahead and blur the names and blur the URLs. But again, you can still see it is on Stripe dashboard. Again, the only reason I show this and this is not to inherently flex or anything is just to kind of show you that you can take what I'm saying at, you know, firsthand value. It's essentially me telling you exactly how I've done this. I'm not here to sell you anything. Frankly, I don't give a crap whether or not you believe me. I just want to make a video kind of sharing this exact business model. And again, I've done every single business model there is under the sun. YouTube automation, whatever it might be. This is something we started about last year. And again, I can just say right off the bat, like the rate of growth we've experienced in this model and the way we've been able to expedite everything with AI is genuinely shocking. So again, the business model itself, what am I even talking about? Now, it's pretty simple. We sell simple AI websites to local businesses. So, what I'm going to go ahead and do is give you an example. Let me look up something like roofers near me. Now, again, this is obviously using Google to actually find leads. And this is exactly how we did it when we were first starting out and we made close to I'd say $30,000 in MR with this exact method. And then of course nowadays we're kind of experimenting with meta ads and kind of some more advanced forms. But again when we were first starting out there's no reason why you can't literally just grind and do these cold calls every single day if you can just overcome the fear of objection. Now what are we actually offering these guys? If I go on Google and I just scroll for literally like two minutes, you'll see here mountain roofing services. They don't have a website. So Google actually shows you whether or not companies have websites or not. Now, a lot of these guys like Mount Roofing Services, they don't have a website. This one doesn't have a website. Go for a little bit longer. We can obviously filter by the next page. No website. No website. No website. So, again, we've scrolled for like 5 minutes or not even 5 minutes. We scroll for like 10 seconds. And we found five potential leads that again don't have website. So, we can actually go ahead and offer them a specific service. Now, what is this service? You might be asking. I'm going to go ahead and make a document just to make this crystal crystal clear. Now, again, these guys don't have websites. They only have a phone number. that's the only way they get leads for their local business. And again, I know I'm doing roofing. Keep in mind there are so many different sub genres you can work with. You can do plumbing, you can do scaffolding, you can do air conditioning, car detailing, whatever it might be, don't feel like you're locked into one specific thing. But what I will say is when you are starting a brand new agency, and again, I want to get into full depth on exactly how to do this in today's video. It's literally going to be a step-by-step walkthrough. But again, don't feel like you have to consistently change the subniche you're working with. We didn't start changing our niche until about 10K a month. You want to kind of stick and become an expert in that one specific niche. Understand exactly how to cold call, how to handle objections, how to kind of do the entire shebang in that niche before kind of experimenting with different ones. You might be saying, "Well, what are you even giving them?" Now, there's a lot of [ __ ] we can actually give them. If I click on one of these random websites, 99% of the time, it's a completely horrible website. Like, look at this. There's really not much going on. So, first things first, there are quite a few things we can kind of include as an additional add-on. Now, you might be saying, "Well, what are they paying you? How does this monthly reoccurring model work?" Because again, what was so shocking about what I was showing you is again, we are making $50,000 in revenue a month. This is not just revenue. This is MR, meaning monthly reoccurring revenue. And the way we've done this is we essentially sell these websites to these local businesses on a monthly retainer. That's anywhere from $1.97 a month to $297 a month. And you might be saying, well, what are you actually giving them? It's very, very simple. We're giving them the website itself. On top of that, we're giving them domain. We're going to talk a little bit more about this, but again, I'll go a little bit more into this later. We give them obviously the website hosting. Now, we have our features and our add-ons. These are essentially used as, I suppose, upsells when you're actually trying to close them. And you can actually increase your perceived value as a whole by actually including these things. So, again, what are some things we can offer them? Contact us form. That's obviously an inbed. Google reviews. This is a massive thing that we offer to our clients. Removing negative Google reviews. This is also another thing we always offer. AI live chat. So many different things. Obviously, the big one being SEO. Now again, these are eight things you can literally include for less than $5 a month in your cost and we can upsell this to these local businesses on a complete copy and paste dashboard literally over and over and over and over again. I know it might sound stupid. Let me show you how this works. So again, I use Framer. You're free to use whatever you want. This is just literally a no code software to quite literally just make templates for these businesses. So again, this is one of my plumbing templates that we always use. As you can see, plumbing right here. I can go ahead and click on this. I literally just looked up plumbing framer template. If you don't know what framer is, it's a drag and drop website creator like right here. Plumbing free high converting template. You can click on use for free and it brings up this dashboard where you can literally just rename whatever you want. Click on publish update and then of course you can also link a domain to this website which again if you are doing this business model I'd recommend actually purchasing the domain of the company you're working with just so it makes it that much harder for them to cancel every single month because again you owe the domain. So it adds another point of leverage to make it more difficult for them to, you know, kind of exit the partnership. And again, don't get me wrong, you're not holding it above their head. It's just something we've sort of utilized to be able to get our churn, meaning how much people actually cancel every single month down to about 5%. So only 5% of people that work with us are actually canceling every single month. And the reason why this is so valuable is because again, keep in mind guys, if your churn is [ __ ] like 40%. So 40% of your clients are leaving every month. You're going to need to bring in literally an extra 40% of your clientele every single month to counter the amount that are leaving. So you're always on a downward graph. Whereas if we can obviously optimize our retention, we could bring one client and have that client stay for the next year. Now again, you can literally go ahead and just like type whatever you want. Refresh this page and you've literally got an entire drag and drop website completely done for you. Now you might be saying, "Well, yes, but you also spoke a little bit about, you know, the website itself. That's pretty simplistic. Framer literally handles hosting for you. It's like five bucks a month. That's all sorted. Obviously, domain, very, very easy to do. Go on a website like namecheep. If we were to look up plumbing near me, and we find a potential lead. Let's scroll for a few seconds. Let's tap and flow plumbing, whatever it might be. Tap and flow plumbing. Oz, literally go ahead and find the.com domain, purchase it, and just link it to your framer site right there. It's as simple as anything. Website hosting, again, Framer does that for us. So, these are the five kind of pillars we have to actually understand. Now, contact us form. I'm going to speedrun this. Literally look up Framer plugins. Again, they also have plugins. So, what we can actually do is look up contact us. And again, I want to make this clear. This is not sponsored. I don't give a [ __ ] if you believe me. A little bit of a sponsored segment. If you do want to join my Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. It's honestly a completely free environment where we kind of talk directly with you guys. And again, if you have any questions in starting an AI agency, you can obviously go ahead and ask those to me directly in this Discord server. But again, contact us form. If you heard of a Twramer, there are a ton of completely free plugins that you can literally just input directly into the framer template that you just made a copy for. We'll go ahead and kind of show you how this works. But again, it's obviously downloading the widget that I just added, and it's obviously going to go ahead and install that app. Then I can obviously go ahead and add the text, add the manager name, go ahead and finish a setup, and then add that directly into my frame of site. It's insanely simplistic, and it's honestly so easy to do. And again, the same thing goes for AI live chatting, for example. Literally look up AI live chat. Go ahead and just embed this completely free AI live chat directly into your site. And again, this is where it gets insane. If we actually head over to our framer dashboard, let's say you worked with this guy here, Tap and Flow Plumbing, and you managed to close him. You gave him his website. This is where it gets crazy. You already spent the time to add those plugins and get all those deliverables. So, contact us, forms, live chat, whatever it might be. You've already done that. So, what we can actually do is heading over to our dashboard. Let's say you've already closed this client and you have a new client you want to close. You don't need to do this every single time. Click on the three dots, click on duplicate, and literally just duplicate this one template 400 times for the next 400 websites you want to work with. This is what I mean by this is the easiest [ __ ] business model I've ever seen. And again, before we go any further, guys, if you do want to work directly with me and actually scaling an AI agency for yourself. Again, no plug. I really don't give a once again. But if you don't have 20 clients, at the end of the 90-day program, paying you at least $197 a month, you get a complete money back guarantee. No questions asked. Again, guys, no stress whatsoever. And if you do want to check it out and you do need some handholding and you want access to all of my personal tools, which you'll actually see in today's video, you can go ahead and check out start offering.com. It'll be linked below. fill out a form, book a completely free call with myself, and if you do seem like a good fit, we'll make sure to be in touch. Now, again, it is as simple as literally just cold calling these people. And again, this is where a lot of people seem to make a mistake. You never want to close on cold call. This is something that I see a lot of people making the mistake of, and I think this is probably the biggest killer. Now, the reason we don't do this, we don't just call and say, "Yo, do you want to buy this website for $197 a month?" That's not what we do. What we do is we say, "Hey, I'm a web design student. I actually made you guys a completely free website. It's literally already done. If you have some free time later this week, I'd love to walk you through it and kind of show it to you. By doing this, you kind of reposition it as you not really trying to sell them something, but you giving them some intrinsic value. Now, your main goal with a cold call is never to sell on the call. The main goal is to get them to a follow-up call in which you can kind of pitch the actual website itself. Now, to do this, again, you can literally just use Framer and just get a website template. I can't make this clear enough. Do not make the website until they've agreed to do a call, a follow-up call, please, because otherwise you're just wasting time. There's no reason to do it. Now, I use Teni. You're completely up to you whatever you want to do. This is obviously tangi.ai. It's an AI that finds local businesses that you can actually sell to. So literally what you can do is go to lead search, look up whatever company you're looking for. So like pest control, choose your suburb. I'm going to choose a suburb near me. Click on generate leads and it'll literally scrape all of Google and find you a ton of leads that have no website and have slow websites. It'sing insane. But again, you don't have to use this. But what I would usually do is obviously once you find a lead, you can go ahead and click on save. Head over to website generator and obviously choose a lead you want to talk about whether that's pest control or plumbing. I'll go ahead and just choose like a roofing company that I added before. Click on roofing template and actually generate the demo directly inside of teni. So again let's say that I cold call this guy here big blue roofing pty ltd. I can literally go ahead and just generate the demo site directly in Tangi. Click on copy share link. Go ahead and open this website directly in my browser. And when I'm on the call with this guy literally just show him this website. Obviously we've got a contact us form directly embedded here. AI live chat. We've got an insanely nice looking website. And you guys have to keep in mind, right? These people are old-fashioned. They don't understand anything about social media, right? Like websites, I even know from my own mom. She runs a business. Like when I found out she was paying like four grand a year to host a website, I was like, "What the is going on? It doesn't even look nice." Like these old people, guys, you have to understand these are all people that grew up doing their local business. they never really experienced the kind of online trend and they see website hosting and honestly hosting websites as kind of too much for them. And again, that's the reason why we're not necessarily selling to people that already have websites. We're primarily targeting those that don't have any website because again, it means that the chances are they're not going to have any experience in this field and they're going to be much easier to sell to and they're going to see a ton of intrinsic value in your offer itself. So again, I have the template that I would obviously go ahead and offer them. So, all I would do is hop on a Zoom call with them and be like, "Hey, I've obviously gone ahead and drafted it for you up." And then you honestly have to start handling objections. That's pretty apparent, right? Objections meaning if they're like, "Well, I can't afford this. Can I think about it? I have to talk to my wife." Whatever the [ __ ] story they give you might be. But again, if you were calling up 400 people, which again, websites like Tangi make this super realistic to do. Like, you can literally just go through this 100 times. You can filter it by like no website, slow website, their Google rating, whether they have a phone number, whether they have an email, everything, whatever it might be. You have a whole tracking CRM portal where you can literally just like drag and drop your leads, whether you close them, whether they're in the interested section, whether they're in follow-up, doesn't even matter. But again, forget about Tangi. You don't need to use this. If you would rather just bootstrap it yourself, that's completely fine. If you cold call 500 people in one day, you have to get over that fear of rejection. Now, you are going to get so many people that tell you to f off, that tell you no, that you really just have to not give a crap about what they say because again, it doesn't matter. Let's say we cold call 500 people, right? Let's say only 50 of them, or not even that. Let's say 30 of them agree to do a follow-up call. And again, that's a pretty modest appraisal, right? Because keep in mind, it's not as if we're trying to sell them this on the call. We're selling them the dream of we've already made it. It's completely free. Let me know when you're free for a call. I'll show you. So, let's just say 30 of those leads actually agree to a follow-up call. Let's say out of those 30 leads, we close maybe seven of them. That's a pretty realistic graph, right? I'd honestly say you could cold call 500 people in probably about 2 to 3 days, right? So, if you really just go ham at this. And this is one of those business models where again, I've showed you the entire blueprint in today's video, you have no reason to not go ahead and at least give this a go. What were you going to do? Doom scroll Tik Tok and watch YouTube videos and watch Netflix? Like, I'm giving you a way out of this [ __ ] rat race. And again, I don't want to sound. I don't want to sound modest, but I have done many, many, many business models, and I can tell you out of all the models I've done, this is by far the lowest barrier to entry. Like, I'm literally sitting at over half a million dollars in annual reoccurring revenue on our Stripe dashboard. And again, you might be saying, "Well, how much of that is profit?" $45,000 AUD of it is profit just this month. Like, this is a ludicrously easy business model. And even if we just closed seven of those 500 people, and again, you could have your friend helping you, right? You could have three people helping you. Doesn't need to be just you. You could literally have closed seven clients at, let's say, 197 a month. If we closed seven clients at 197 a month, that is obviously 197* 7, $1.4,000 in revenue. Now, you might be saying, "Well, okay, great. I grinded for 3 days and made 1.4 grand. They're probably going to cancel." You were doing an MR model, meaning that $1.4,000 in MR that you added today is going to hopefully come back next month and the month after that and the month after that. So, again, it compounds. If you do this, let's say you just grind for a month straight and you manage to get $10,000 in MR, you could sit idly for the next month and just let that scale and you'd more than likely only drop to like 9K MR. So again, this is one of those models where it doesn't require constant attention. And once you do scale, you can hire a VA, meaning a virtual assistant to go ahead and actually cold call these people for you. You can hire a VA to go on to Teni and literally just make all these website demos for you and provide those to the companies. You can look into what we're doing now, which is, of course, meta ads and Facebook ads. You can even do cold messaging. That's a massive thing I've seen succeed, right? So, when you get their numbers rather than calling them, you cold message at mass scale with a bunch of different SAS like cold message SAS. There are so many different companies where you can literally just like cold message people. And again, you can just get like your own phone number directly in these websites like allin-one business phone. Like this is so astronomically stupid. And I'll tell you one of the things that also helped us is choosing a subniche that has a high AOV. This is imperative, right? So again, what I was sort of saying before is you can choose a bunch of different subniches. Like let's go to chatbt. Give me a ton of subniches I can sell websites to with a large demographic similar to plumbing, scaffolding, roofing, etc. Now again, what I mean by AOV is average order value. Like for example, if I look this up, Chad is going to give me a ton of different subniches. So plumbing, electrical, roofing, HVAC, locksmith, pest control, tree removal, concrete contractors. You want to choose something that has a high AOV. So again, if the person you're working with, so let's say you're working with plumbers, they might get paid 500 bucks per job. So the way you can position this offer is, let's say it's 297 a month because again, you want to kind of price that based on their AOV. So if you're doing plumbing, probably going to be on the higher side. So you can kind of price it at 297 a month. Whereas if you're working with someone like car detailing, they might only get like 100 bucks per car. So you want to kind of price it on that lower end. But the way you want to position this is look, even if we're just bringing you one to two extra leads every single month, you're still making a profit on whatever you're paying us. Plus, you get all the additional things like the website hosting, the domain, the SEO, everything. Say which ones have a large amount of companies, easy to sell to, and a high AOV. This is all we're going to say. And it's going to give you a ton of different niches. And I'll show you how easy it is to find templates for these niches. Like, let's just go with electrical. Electrical framer templates. Simple as that. That's all I'm going to look up. Here we go. Electrician. Electrician services template. Click on preview. We've literally found a perfect template we can go ahead and add. Add the contact us form right here over the top of this guy's face. Contact us today. It's already a perfect electricity form. It's got a view all services page. It's got obviously a bunch of different pages, right? So, we've got our team, contact us, pricing, even Google reviews and a whole contact us form at the bottom. And again, imagine showing this to your competition. Look at what the website quality of your competition is. Compare what we just made or what we just saw, sorry, this insanely nice optimized website to your competition. Look how [ __ ] these look. This website doesn't even load. It's got an internal server error. So again, we are giving so much perceived value to these businesses by literally just offering them an AI website. It's absolutely stupid. But again guys, if you do want to go ahead and work directly with me in scaling an AI agency, you get complete access to teni.ai for completely free. And again, I'll work directly with you in scaling an AI agency. And again, if you aren't at 20 clients at 197 a month by the end of the 90-day program, you get a complete money back guarantee. No questions asked, no caveats, nothing. And finally guys, if you do want to join my Discord server, that's disordg. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you learned something new. This was a ton of fun to record. And again, I believe it's the first video on the channel, so go ahead and make sure you subscribe. And I'll see you all later. Have a great day.
