# day 1 of making $10,000/month selling AI websites

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZPXNp0veS4
- Video ID: lZPXNp0veS4
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 13:30
- Views / published: 677 views • 9 days ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

This is day one of making $10,000 a month selling AI websites to local businesses. Now again guys, before we get into anything, I'm not oblivious to the fact that the majority of people on YouTube are pretty much full of [ __ ] So here we go. I'm going to go ahead and pop open my Stripe dashboard. You can obviously see I'm currently sitting at about $50,000 in MRR. I can obviously go ahead and refresh this page as many times as possible. I'm not showing this to flex whatsoever guys. I just want you to be able to have kind of an open mind with this because again, I know from personal experience, I tend to trust people a lot more when they obviously are quite transparent with what they actually make. Now again, scrolling down, I know for those of you that might be saying, well, you're not even look you're not getting that much profit. That's all, you know, revenue. I can obviously go ahead and scroll down. Now net volume meaning aka how much we're actually profiting every single month is $45,000. Now, I've already done this business model. I'm currently sitting at $50,000 in MRR and in today's video, I'm essentially going to be starting from complete scratch explaining the business model as a whole and pretty much walking you through my exact process. So without further ado guys, go ahead and just turn off your brains and literally just lock the [ __ ] in. And again, this is one of those business models that just makes sense. It isn't confusing. It's not like I'm trying to teach you YouTube automation or some [ __ ] like that. It's something that you already know works because it actually makes sense. So what is the business model itself? It's honestly quite simple. We cold call local businesses and we offer them $197 a month to $297 a month, anywhere in that price range with the main focus of hosting their website and obviously allowing them to capture dead leads. Now keep in mind guys, most of these local businesses, if we look up like plumbing near me, there really isn't too many of these companies that are really going to be too tech-savvy. The majority of these people, yes, sure, the sponsored ones probably have a bit of a better idea. But all of these guys like Tappan Flow Plumbing, all these other random local businesses, this person here, Russo Brothers, they didn't even have a website attached. Most of these guys aren't very Gen Z. You can realistically sell them a super nice website and they'll see it as some crazy thing. I mean, look at this one right here, Tappan Flow Plumbing. They're literally just using a random GoDaddy website. They have the GoDaddy sort of annotation right at the top of the screen. It just looks horrible. And again, this is not bringing them any sales. So let me go ahead and look up something like Framer plumbing templates. We can see a bunch of completely free to use by the way, plumbing templates or scaffolding templates or roofing templates. We can go ahead and change this to their name and literally just offer it to them at $197 to $297 a month. And again, look at the quality of this website. You might be saying, well, I don't know how to code. You don't need to know how to code. This is one of those softwares at framer.com. Again, not sponsored whatsoever, but you can literally just click on it and it's like a drag and drop system. I'll go ahead and quickly show you now. And again, this is not to blab or to [ __ ] you. I wanted to show you exactly how we do this. So again, let's say I wanted to work with Tappan Flow Plumbing. Literally rename this to tap and flow plumbing. You can go ahead and click on publish and within a few seconds, you've got your entire website live that you can then go ahead and show them as a demo. And again, if they decide they want to work with you and you close them at $197 a month, you can literally go ahead and just give them access to this site. Now the way we sort of do things is obviously trying to optimize our churn. Now before we get into anything, if you guys do want to join my Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. Again, it's a super cool networking environment. It's completely free to join and we have a ton of other people trying to do this exact same business model and kind of sharing the results. So most important thing in this business model is obviously optimizing your churn. Now sure, we can be bringing in let's say 50 clients at $297 a month and we're obviously sitting at about $15,000 in monthly recurring revenue. But if our churn rate is [ __ ] that means nothing. Churn means how many of your clients are canceling every single month. As of right now, our churn rate is sitting at about 5%. So 5% of our clients are canceling every month, which is again, very, very low. The industry norm is about 30 to 40%. But again, I'm going to talk a little bit more about how we've managed to get this so low and how you guys can sort of do the same thing. But the reason why this matters is because we only need to be bringing in 5% extra customers every single month to make up for those 5% that are leaving. So again, if your churn is 40%, you're kind of on like an endless spinning wheel where you're constantly needing to be bringing in new clients, new clients, new clients to make up for those clients that are leaving you. Now, there's a few ways we obviously optimize churn. First thing, I'm going to go ahead and not even yap, not gatekeep. We like to purchase the domain. So again, a lot of these people, we kind of target companies that have no website. So like Russo Brothers, all I would look up would be like Russo Brothers plumbing.com and I'd literally go ahead and might seem a little bit sneaky, a little bit sneaky, but I do like to purchase the domain and then offer that alongside them. So again, Russo Brothers plumbing.com completely available. I'd actually purchase this domain once we work with them and then link that domain to their website, do all the SEO around that domain and own the domain ourselves. So again, the reason why we do this and it might seem a little messed up, but it just makes it so it's really hard for them to cancel because they kind of stuck with us and they have to stay with us. And again, it's not as if you're selling them some sort of crap. Like this does work. What you're giving them is such a massive difference from what they currently have. Now, first things first, choosing your sub niche. Now in terms of actually finding leads, I use a software called 10g.ai, the AI that finds local businesses you can sell to. I'm going to go ahead and quickly show you guys how this works and how I sort of do things. And again guys, if you do want to get direct access to 10g and you want to work directly with me one-on-one in scaling your own agency, go ahead and check out startofferingai.com. Again, not a plug. I really don't care, but if you do is a brand new 90-day program I just launched. If you don't have at least 20 clients at $197 a month by the end of the 90-day program working directly with myself, you'll get a complete money-back guarantee, no questions asked. Again, that's startofferingai.com. Book a completely free call with myself. Let's get back into the video. So again, the software I personally use is 10g. So first things first, when you are starting your sort of AI agency, is choosing your sub niche. So again, you want to kind of stick with a specific sub niche, so it makes it way easier and you'll kind of see why. So again, a sub niche can be something like roofing. So for example, roofing near me, there's a ton of these guys. I can also go to ChatGPT and say, give me a ton of sub niches like roofing, scaffolding, plumbing. Now this is going to be the people you're kind of targeting. So you want to make sure it is a big enough sub niche to actually have enough people to cold call. And the most important thing is making sure that the AOV of the company or the sub niche you're working with is quite high. So again, if you're working with somebody like car detailing, the amount they charge, the jobs, the job value really is going to be a lot less than if you're working with a plumbing company. So again, plumbing companies might get $2,000 for a job. Whereas car detailing might get 50 to 100. So again, you want to be really wary with this cuz it is going to be a big leverage point. You know, when you're on the call with them, you you want to be able to say, look, even if we're just bringing you two clients a month, you're making up for all of your revenue plus more. So again, if you're doing car detailing, you might need to bring them like three clients a month. If you're doing plumbing or even like roofing, you might only need to bring them like one client a month. So again, keep this in mind. It's not too important. So again, choose a sub niche. Let's say you wanted to go with roofing for example. I personally use 10g.ai. I literally can just look up roofing, choose the suburb that I want to target. So for example, let's say I want to choose a state in California. So I'll choose a suburb called Thousand Oaks, click on generate lead and what 10g actually does is scrape all of Google to find companies with no website. Now again, this is something I haven't spoken about yet. The most important part is only working with people who have no website or a slow website or again, a very [ __ ] website. Because again, they're far more likely to close and to actually need this service as opposed to someone like this who is literally at the top spot. They've got 400 reviews and they've got a really, really nice looking website. So do kind of bear this in mind. Now, 10g's gone ahead and scraped them. So right here, Area Builders Roofing Services. You can see it ranked a bunch of them out of 90 out of 100 and then some zero out of 100. That's because they already have nice looking websites. It obviously showed you the website they have. So again, we can see here, we'll click on save lead for all of the ones that we think we can actually work with, which again, all the 90 out of 100. We can go ahead and save like 50 of these all in one go. This is insanely easy. As you guys can see, we have their phone number live as well. And then I can go ahead and do this a couple more times with a ton of different suburbs. So for example, I live in Sydney, so I'm going to do something like Panania. This is a suburb near my house. So I'll do roofing Panania, generate leads and again, this is going to scrape all of Google and find me a ton with no website. Now guys, let me walk you through exactly how I sort of use this to my own advantage. So again, we've gone ahead and added all those leads we just found that are all ranked 90 out of 100 onto our CRM, which is directly built into 10g. We can go ahead and drag this into called, interested, follow up and close. So let's say we we managed to call one of them. They were interested. We built a demo site for them and then we managed to close them. If we close them, we'd literally tick this as $197 a month. Now heading back to our dashboard, we can see our close rate and our current MRR. Now this is super, super cool and it honestly makes things so much easier. You might be saying, well, when you do cold call these people, again, their phone numbers are right here. Do you actually just offer them the website? No. This is really important and this is where I see a ton of people making the mistake and obviously not getting it done correctly. You don't ever want to cold call and offer it to them on the phone. What you want to do is say, look, I've already made you a website. I'd love to show it to you. Do you have some free time? Now again, this immediately removes the feel of like a spammy call and it's immediately positioning that as if you're giving them something intrinsic value. And again, once you've done that, if they've agreed to actually do the web or to do the call, don't even make them the website until they've agreed. This is pretty important, otherwise you're going to be wasting so much time for every single lead. But again, let's say this person right here that I just marked as closed, CJ West Roofing. Let's say they were interested in a demo. They wanted to get on the call. I literally head over to website generator, click on CJ West Roofing, go ahead and choose the roofing template, click on generate demo site and within a few seconds, 10g has literally built you an entire demo website for roofing. So we can go ahead and put this in full screen. It obviously has the contact us form. It's got the phone number. It's got Google reviews. It's literally got an FAQ. You know, absolutely everything you would ever need to actually pitch to these businesses made in literal seconds. Now again, let's say that they decided they want to work with you. You can click on this button right here, copy remix link, go ahead and open this up directly and it literally allows you to just download this Framer file to your specific account. You can link the domain that you want to work with. You can do everything all in one place. So again, if we just have the volume and you remove that limiting belief of not wanting to actually cold call people, this becomes so easy and you can kind of see why this business model actually works. Now this is pretty important. Adding them to the CRM, which is of course 10g or you can do it yourself. Don't feel like you have to use this software. This business model works in any sort of way. You can cold call just based off Google. You can use Tenji just because it makes it way easier, but it's ultimately up to you. Now, this is important. Schedule as many calls as physically possible, guys. This is so important. Please don't be scared to call. You're never going to meet these guys in real life. It doesn't matter. You have to get over that fear of rejection to actually succeed. Now, this is something I personally had to overcome, right? Schedule as many calls as physically possible. Literally use Tenji, cold call 400 people in one day. I guarantee you if you cold call 400 people, you will get a minimum of 10 to 20 that agree to actually see that demo site. Let's just say you managed to close 10 of those clients at $297 a month. That's $3,000 in monthly recurring revenue that you've added just today that will continue to stack presuming you have a good churn rate over the next few years. And again, guys, I'm going to keep going a little bit more about this, but if you do want to work with me directly and learn how to optimize churn, how to get access to all my core recordings, all my core scripts, everything, go ahead and check out startofferingai.com. And again, book a completely free call. I don't want to sound like a broken record, but I can't stress enough how easy this is. And guys, if you don't have 20 clients at $197 a month, you get a complete money-back guarantee. There is literally no caveat. And again, another really, really important thing, generating demo sites only after they agree to a call. Make sure you aren't generating a demo site for every single lead that you plan to call up. You really only want to be doing it if they actually agree to that follow-up call. And again, I spoke about this, handling domain ownership. This is such a massive game changer in the space that we've personally experienced, right? If you own the domain and you kind of control that, which might seem a little bit scummy, but just by holding this one little asset, you will notice such a massive increase or decrease, I should say, in your churn rate. People are far less likely to leave you if you have some intrinsic value that when they do leave, they're losing out on. So again, if you do build up SEO, if you build up Google, if you build up word of mouth and everything around that domain, you owning that is such a massive leverage point. Now, a few things you can actually offer to these websites. This is pretty simplistic. Now again, if you head over to free up plugins, for example, you can literally just plug and play a bunch of different things. So, first thing, contact us form. These are all ultimately ways to increase the amount of clients they're kind of getting. And again, most of these people, they have a website, but again, they have closing hours, right? So whenever the phone number's closed and they're not in the office, they're losing all those leads that might potentially come from Google, that might potentially come from the website itself. So again, what we can offer them is contact us forms. Literally look up contact us. You'll see a ton of literal just contact us forms that you can directly integrate into your website template. And again, once you have one template, you can literally just rebrand it every single time for all future clients. Which again, we do directly for you inside of Tenji. You can also add AI live chatting. This is insanely easy. Literally just look up live chat and you'll see an AI live chat software. Click on open plugin, add it directly, and it will essentially train the live chat based on the website itself. Next thing, Google reviews. You can obviously give them Google reviews. I can't talk too much about this cuz we're obviously on YouTube right now. But again, if you want to learn more about this, I talk all about it inside of my Discord server and my program. And then obviously, removing negative reviews. This is a massive thing for these old people. They care so much about Google reviews. And again, there's no way I would have been able to scale to 50k MRR if I didn't kind of know these little tips and tricks that kind of get you across that point and you can obviously utilize as massive leverage. Now again, guys, if you do want to join my public Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. It'll be linked down below. And if you do want to work directly with myself in scaling your own agency, go ahead and check out startofferingai.com. Book a completely free call with myself. And if you do seem like a good fit, we'll make sure to be in touch. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you learned something new. Have a great day.
