# ai finds the business. ai makes the website. i make $50,550/mo (this is f**ked)

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8voNLlNVlec
- Video ID: 8voNLlNVlec
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 13:11
- Views / published: 236 views • 11 days ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

Now, AI literally finds the businesses, AI makes the websites, and I make $50,000 every single month in monthly reoccurring revenue. Now, I can obviously go ahead and refresh the Stripe page. If you guys don't know what this website is, it's Stripe.com. Everybody uses it for payment processing in the kind of business sector. And again, you can kind of see the upward trajectory we're sort of sitting at. So, started this month at $42,000 and now we're sitting at about 50k MR. Now, the craziest part is this is monthly reoccurring revenue, meaning every single month the clients that are kind of paying us, which in this case are local businesses. Now, we've been running this company for about a year now. I'm only 21 years old, and this is obviously what I'm kind of, you know, trying to push for full-time. And as you can see, our ARR, meaning annual reoccurring revenue, is sitting at just over half a million. And for those of you that are saying, "Well, this isn't profit." I can obviously go ahead and scroll down, and you can see the net volume, meaning the net revenue we're actually generating every single month is $45,000, which means we're looking at about 95% margins. Now, you might be saying, "Well, what the are you even talking about?" Now, I know that's probably what you would be asking and that makes a lot of sense. I'm going to make you one promise for today's video. Literally, just turn off your brain and just listen to what I'm saying. I'm kind of going to be breaking down the business model as a whole and just going into everything. Let's get straight into it. So, the business model itself is very simplistic. This is kind of solving a solution that a lot of local businesses have. So, let's just choose a subniche for example. Let's say roofing. I'd literally just look up roofing near me. And by the way, this works for any of you guys. Literally look up roofing near me. Go ahead and allow Google to use your precise location. And if we go ahead and just scroll down here for like 2 minutes, you'll see a ton of local businesses. And I'm kind of positive that a lot of you guys are going to be shocked with the sheer amount of businesses that there actually are that need websites. So, as you can actually see right here is if we scroll, obviously it shows us which companies have websites. We can obviously go ahead and open them. Now, a lot of these companies have already been reached out to, meaning they have websites, but again, look at this one right here, budgetroofing.com. We just found them right here, and they do have a website listed, but it doesn't load. So these would be a perfect candidate for someone to actually cold call and we can cold call them and just offer them a website at 1972 297 a month to handle everything for them. And again it does eventually load but it takes so long. So that's a very very good objection you could actually use. So you might be saying well what websites do you offer them? This is where it gets absolutely stupid. Go ahead and look up framer roofing templates. Something [ __ ] like that. You will see a ton of literal drag and drop templates. For example, roofing. We can go ahead and buy it for $49. and we're able to essentially reuse this same template every single time to offer to every single one of these businesses. Now, there's a few things we're actually able to offer these businesses right off the bat. So, for example, one of the things we can offer them is a contact us form. A lot of these companies, they're very, very old-fashioned. Now, they only have a phone number. So, what happens when the businesses are obviously closed for the day and they have no way of capturing those leads that come up after hours, whether they buy them on Google, whether they find them from word of mouth, whatever it might be. That's another very, very good objection we can kind of handle, right? Because again, that's something we can offer. You can literally go over to Framer, go ahead and click on plugins, type up contact us, and you can literally get a completely free contact us form. You can go ahead and embed into this website, put it right here, and use that as another upsell. Now, again, all I would do is fund a bunch of these local businesses that don't have websites. So, for example, you can see here, NSW Roofing, they don't have a website listed, meaning they're more than likely going to be really, really easy to close as a client. You might be saying, well, how the hell do you even find these businesses at mass scale? And that's obviously what we do. Now, I personally use a software called Tengi.ai. It's again completely up to you. You can do it yourself. You can do it, you know, without Tenji. You can do it just regularly on Google like I just showed you. But again, for the sake of today's video, let me show you how my workflow kind of works. So, obviously, you have Teni right here. Good afternoon, Blake. I can go ahead and click on lead search. Now, this is the exact same thing that you guys would be doing. Literally, choose your subniche. Now, this is something you want to be quite careful with. I obviously recommend when you're first starting off to do something like roofing or plumbing, something pretty vast that obviously has a very, very mid-tier AOV. AOV meaning average order value. So the average roofing company, you really have to think about this when you're obviously starting out and that is of course what your AOV of your niche is. So for example, if you're targeting roofing companies, you're trying to sell to roofing companies. They might get, for example, what is their average sale. A roofing company might start at $2 to $5,000. So again, we can position this when we do call them as, look, even if we're only able to bring you one to two sales a month, you're still getting your money back plus far more if you're charging them 197 a month. Whereas if you are working with a car detailing business for example, they might have a much lower AOV. So do kind of keep this in mind. So let's say we wanted roofing. We then choose our suburb. I'm going to go ahead and choose Thousand Oaks in California. And I'm literally going to go ahead and click on generate leads. Now what this is obviously going to do, and again, I am not sponsored. I don't give a [ __ ] if you believe me. You can do this yourself. You really don't need to use Teni, but it just makes the workflow way easier for what I've personally done. And we're going to literally go ahead and just click on generate leads. And what it's going to do is find us a bunch of local businesses. It's going to scrape all of Google. and it's going to find us businesses that have no website and have slow websites. As you can see, it's kind of listed it right here. So, we can see the first one, 90 out of 100. Every single lead that it gets, it essentially ranks out of 100 based on how likely they are to kind of close. Now, the reason why this one here is only a zero is, of course, because they already have a really, really nice looking website, so chances are we're not going to be able to sell to them. They already have a contact us form, and it honestly just looks super optimized. So, again, what we'll do is go ahead and just save all of the leads that we think have potential. So, all of the 90 out of 100s. And again, you can redo this a thousand times just to really build up a massive inventory of leads. And I've gone ahead and done this. So now I can head over to the tracking system. This is again, I want you to keep in mind, you don't have to use this. What I'm showing you is just kind of a dubstep way of doing things. And it's obviously how I've built to the point that I am at now where I'm able to be doing $50,000 MR. Again, I can go ahead and refresh this. I really don't care. I'm not here to sell you anything. Trust me or not, I really couldn't give a [ __ ] I'm just trying to give you some raw advice and exactly how I've done this and how I hope that some of you guys can kind of replicate my success because again, one of the reasons why I love this business model so much is because it's not going to get oversaturated, right? There are so many local businesses. There's literally millions of them. And again, I live in Australia. You might live in, let's say, Canada. You might live in California. You're going to have a million local businesses for a million different niches. So, it's one of those businesses and one of those business models that really can't get oversaturated. Now again guys, before we kind of show anything, if you do want to join my Discord server, that's disc.gg/mastermind. It's honestly just a super cool networking environment with a ton of other people trying to do this exact same business model. But again, no stress at all. So again, heading over back to Teni, we can go ahead and all the leads we just found, I can drag them into our CRM. So we can drag them to called to interested to followed up. Again, based off what we're kind of at, right? I can go ahead and drag them into closed once I do close them. And I can put down how much I close them for, whether that's 197 a month. And then heading over to the portal, you can see we currently have a 197 MR. So it kind of tracks everything all in one place. Now, this is where it gets super important. Let's say you found a local business that you want to call. Again, you don't have to use Teni. If you are using Teni, their phone number is listed for you directly here. So, you want to go ahead and cold call them. And this is obviously how I've scaled to this point. And again, you do have to get out of your comfort zone a little bit, but one of the things I see a lot of people making the mistake of is literally just cold call non-stop all day. If you cold call 150 people in one day, chances are you'll be able to book 10 calls. If just five of those calls close at $1.97 a month, you've essentially added $1,000 in monthly reoccurring revenue literally just in one day. It is so stupid. Now, again, this is a massive mistake I see people making, right? They try and close on the call. So, a lot of these people, they think that when you call these people up, you're supposed to offer them what you're offering on the call. No. What you want to do is you want to say, "Hey, look, I've actually drafted you up a completely free demo site. Literally already made. It's like you you don't have to pay for anything. It's already completely made. let me just go ahead and show you it. When are you free for a call? Let me go ahead and just like show you screen share and let you see what it looks like. Now, this way, you're not kind of selling them anything right off the bat. You're essentially promising them that you've already made the software and they really you're losing nothing by having a look. Now, again, this is something that I personally do. You can obviously go ahead and use frame to kind of make one yourself or you can use a software like TJ. Go ahead and click on the lead that you want to make a website for. Choose a template style. So, again, roofing, plumbing, mobile car wash, whatever it might be. Click on generate demo site and within a few seconds, Tenji will actually make you an entire demo site that you can obviously go ahead and show these guys. So obviously pop open full screen. Let's say I was targeting roofing companies. We can now show them this exact roofing template with the contact us section, the request free quotes, obviously a really, really nice looking website. You have Google reviews. You have absolutely everything you'd ever need. Obviously, contact us. And it honestly just looks amazing. Now again, you don't want to build these websites before they agree to a call. You want to [ __ ] Of course, you want to say, "Look, I've already built the website. If you're free, if you're free for a call, I'd love to show you." Once they agree to a call, that's when you want to do this step and obviously start offering this to them. Now, again, before we get into any further, if you guys do want to work directly with me in kind of scaling your own AI agency and you want to get direct access to Teni, go ahead and check out start offering.com. Again, no stress whatsoever, but it's essentially a brand new 90-day program that I just opened up. And if you want to work directly with me in scaling your own agency, I guarantee that you'll have 20 clients at 197 a month by the end of the 90-day program. And if you don't, you'll simply receive a completely full refund, no questions asked. Now, again, if you want to check this out, go ahead and check out start offering.com. It'll be linked down below. Book a completely free call with myself. And if you do seem like a good fit, we'll make sure to be in touch. Now, again, literally just volume, volume, volume. Try and get as many people on the phone as you physically can, which again, you can do so easily by just tracking all the numbers. Like, even if you don't want to use Teni, go to Google and literally just build out a document and just track every single person and get a [ __ ] ton of people that have either [ __ ] websites or no website at all. get them on the phone and give them a meeting. Now, when you're on the meeting with them, you want to kind of weigh out the variables. You want to kind of practice before the meeting. You want to figure out the objections and you want to figure out where you can improve their website. Now, some improvements could be pretty simple, right? For example, their website is slow or for example, no domain. This is also a really, really good thing that I like to leverage off, right? So, for example, let's say I wanted to work with a company called BD Roofing, right? I could actually look up and see if they have a domain. So, for example, BD Roofing Australia. I could essentially if they don't have a website already and they don't have a domain, I could purchase the domain bdroofing.com and then include that in their monthly subscription model. So again, it makes it way less likely for them to cancel every single month. This is again one of the massive things that's kind of improved our business and again optimized our churn rate. For those of you that don't know what churn rate is, if we head over to our website, the reason why, and obviously on Stripe itself, the reason why we're obviously on such a high trajectory is because only 5% of our clients are actually cancelling every single month, which means that we really don't need to be onboarding that many new clients every single month to be kind of at an upward trajectory. And this is a massive thing that's honestly affected us in such a positive way. And I think one of the biggest things that's of course contributed to this is owning the domain itself and making it so if they do want to cancel they lose access to the domain that we already built the entire branding around. Now as I was saying you want to figure out the variables in which you can improve. Let's say for example they had no contact us form. You could use this as leverage. Say well do you have any way of contacting dead leads at the moment. You're missing out on so much. You can obviously use the SEO route where you say look we can obviously improve SEO and bring you so much more traction even if we're just bringing one to two sales a month. you're still, you know, making 10x what the amount you're paying us every month is. So again, it's not even like this business model is scummy in any way, shape, or form. You are providing so much value to these businesses. And again, keep in mind, most local businesses are completely clueless when it comes to the online space. They're old people. They've been in business for like 50 to 60 years, and they really just need kind of a helping hand in terms of actually getting a website up and running. And this is honestly such a shorefire way of doing things for them specifically. Another thing we can obviously do is Google reviews and of course removing negative Google reviews. Both of which I talk about in my program obviously and there's a couple ways to do this. Again, we're on YouTube so I can't talk too much about this. I'm sure some of you guys kind of understand this model. But yes, this is obviously things that local businesses look very very closely at. But honestly, I think the biggest thing is just a good website. These websites are soing good comparatively to what they already have that just by giving this to them, they'd be like, "Holy [ __ ] this would usually cost thousands of dollars." I'm offering it to them for a very very low lump sum every single month. It is genuinely a no-brainer. Now, in terms of actually closing these clients on call, I would really just recommend practicing your cold calling scripts. Like, you're going to get better and better as time goes on. Again, if you do use Teni, you can literally click on script generator, choose a lead you want to talk to, put in your name, choose their website status. So, for example, if they had no website, and then features where you can improve, which again we just spoke about before, literally just talk about what you can improve on. So, for example, no contact us form. Click on generate call script and you'll be able to get an entire cold call script that you can use to actually call these people. Now, again, I want you to keep in mind, you're going to [ __ ] up for the first few times. It's completely natural. You have to get over that fear of rejection if you actually want this business model to work. But again, this is one of the easiest business models I've ever seen. Like, there is literally no way to fail this if you just put in the amount of volume that it becomes unrealistic for you to not succeed. Call 150 people in one day and I'm pretty positive you will at least close a few at 197 a month. Now again, please, please, please just deal and learn every single time. Do not get sick of this after the first five rejections. Continue to just push through every single time and you will eventually kind of get the grip down and they become second nature actually closing these people. Again, if you need help, if you want to work directly with me in scaling an agency, go ahead and check out start offering.com. Again, no stress whatsoever. But if you don't have 20 clients, at the end of the 90-day program, you get a complete money back guarantee, no questions asked. Again, guys, thank you so much for watching. If you want to join my Discord server, that's disco.g/mastermind. This is probably one of the first videos on this channel. So, if you did enjoy, make sure to subscribe. And I'll see you guys all later. Have a great day.
