# how i book 3–5 meetings a day cold calling businesses.. ($46K/mo agency - full script)

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15X-Xs5XHCw
- Video ID: 15X-Xs5XHCw
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 8:58
- Views / published: 287 views • 1 month ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

Hey guys, now I've scaled my AI agency to about $50,000 MR. This is a brand new agency that we just started for a brand new client and is already sitting at $3,000 MR. Now, what I actually wanted to go ahead and do was kind of record me actually cold calling these local businesses and kind of selling to them. Now, again, I want to make this clear. The calls you're about to witness a successful cause that ended up closing. Now, I don't want to make this seem as if this is how every single call goes, these are one in every 50 that actually go this well. But again, if you put in the work, if you put in the volume and make it unreasonable for you to ever fail, then you will inevitably get calls like this. So again, guys, I am looking forward to showing you this. It's pretty interesting. It's a really good new way of kind of closing calls that I've personally found. And again, if you guys enjoy and you want to join my public Discord server, that's Discord. GG/mastermind. It's a super cool networking environment with a bunch of other clients that are also doing this exact same business model. Without further ado, let's get into the calls. >> Hey, this is Mike from Mango Plumbing. >> Hey Mike, how's it going? Blake here. Um, I actually just got your guys' uh phone number from one of my family friends. Her name's Amanda. >> Amanda. Um Oh, Amanda. Yeah, I remember her. >> Right. Yeah. She said you guys do really, really good work, so I figured I'd give you guys a call um and just kind of reach out. >> Yeah. What were your offerings? >> Um, so we're actually, funnily enough, um, I'm a web design student, just for a bit of backstory on me. I was actually looking at your guys' website and it doesn't seem to load. I was just wondering if you guys are sort of, you know, you have someone handling that, what your sort of plans are with that. Look, mate. Um, I've had like five of you guys call me in the last two days, in the last two weeks. Um, it's just not really something we're interested in. Um, >> Gotcha. Gotcha. No, that makes sense. I mean, there's a lot of people that might call you and, you know, talk about websites. They might know nothing about what they're talking about or they're just trying to sell you some Uh, truthfully, man, funnily enough, so obviously, as I said, I'm a web design student. We actually mocked up like a full demo website for you for completely free. Like, it's already made. Like, I'm not trying to sell you anything. Um, if you have like some free time, I'd love to run you through it. >> You said for free. >> Yeah, completely free website. >> How does that work? Why why did you do that for free? >> No, I get it. I get it. So, no, man. As I said, I'm a web design student. Um, again, like I got recommended you guys, you know, I was told you guys do fantastic work. Um, and again, like I just wanted to mock it up. I took a look at your website, saw you guys had nothing, and again, just figured I'd get some practice in and get something ready for you guys because obviously, I mean, I'm sure you know, uh, do you have any way to sort of capture your leads, you know, after market hours, after closing hours, cuz you obviously said you don't have a website up at the moment. >> Yeah, not we don't do any advertising after closing hours. Um, most of our leads just come from word of mouth. So, >> Right. Gotcha. Okay. I mean, are you not like somewhat worried about, you know, people calling up after hours, trying to reach out, contact you, and you just kind of can't capture them? >> Um, well, I mean, I usually pick up the phone after hours, so um, yeah. >> Gotcha. I mean, surely it's not sustainable though long term, right? >> Well, I mean I mean, yeah, I guess I guess you could say that, but how would a website like help with that? >> Yeah. Right. So, we obviously have like AI chatting. We have like embed links. people can sort of like contact you directly through that site and it will obvious, you know, send you guys an update email and you can reach out to them the following business day. Um, that's something we've obviously used with a ton of our clients and they've like noticed a massive spike in leads and obviously closes from that. Um, but again, as I said, man, like I've got all of this already done for you with your guys' business, obviously already set up and I'd love to just like walk you through. I know you mentioned you're free for a call. Do you know roughly like what time? And again, not trying to sell you anything. I'm happy for you guys to take a look. If you if you don't like it, you say, you know, piss off. Um, that's completely fine as well. >> Yeah. Um, well, I mean, I didn't say I was down for a call, but if you've made a free website for me, I may as well take a look at it. Um, but yeah, I I'll be free after around 5:00 p.m. today. I've just got a couple jobs that uh we got to get finished for a client. So, >> Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, no worries whatsoever. Um, so yeah, what I'll go ahead and do, Mike, is I'll get the uh entire thing sorted for you. I'll get a meeting link sent over to you. You said 5:00 p.m. should work. >> A meeting? A meeting link? >> Yes. So, I'll go ahead >> face to face. >> No, no, no. So, we'll send over a Google Meet and I'll just go ahead and just like screen share the whole website, give you guys a demo site and obviously just walk you through it. >> Okay. Yeah, 5 p.m. works for me. Yeah. >> Sweet. I'll go ahead and use your phone number that I have here. I'll go ahead and send you the link and um Yeah, man. I look forward to chatting and we can obviously, you know, see how we go with scaling this further if you guys like the site. >> Yeah. All right. Um well, look, I'm not going to promise you like any sales or anything. Like, obviously, you said it's free, so I'll have a look. Um but yeah, >> 100%. No, that makes complete sense. I mean, one more thing I want to obviously end it on is like if you were, let's say, hypothetically, able to get an extra, you know, what's your average order value in terms of like because obviously you do plumbing, would you safe to say your average order value is probably like5 to $1,000 per client? >> Uh, yeah. Yeah, I would say around there anywhere from like 2 to 4,000, >> right? >> Average. >> Wow. Impressive. Yeah. Sweet, man. So, I mean, as I was saying, like even if you're just able to like, let's say, worst case scenario, you're able to capture one extra lead from having this site and it cost, you know, miles lower than that to sustain it, it's obviously going to be a good, you know, a good venture on your end. No. >> Yeah. No, that that sounds fair enough. Yeah. Look, I mean, as I said, I'll take a look at it. Um, we'll go on from there, but yeah, >> 100%. Well, too easy, mate. I'll go ahead and send that over to you. I look forward to chatting tomorrow or tonight, I should say, and we'll um get everything going. >> All right, mate. Sounds good. >> All right. Too easy, man. Stay safe. Now, guys, really quick interruption. If you want to work directly with me in scaling your own AI agency and get complete access to all of my tools, go ahead and check out start offering ai.com. Book a completely free call with myself. It's entirely free to book a call. And again, if you don't have at least 20 clients at $197 a month by the end of the 90-day program, you'll receive a full refund, no questions asked. So, in other words, if you're not making $5,000 a month with your agency at the end of the program, you'll get a complete money back guarantee. Now again, watch this call, book out a form, and book a completely free call with myself. Again, thank you guys so much for watching. Let's get straight back into the video. >> Hey, this is Plumbing. Andy speaking. >> Hey, Andy. It's Blake. Nice to meet you, man. >> Nice to meet you, man. >> Um, I was actually recommended to you guys by a good family friend of mine, Amanda. She said you guys do really good plumbing work. >> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, we're one of the best in like Australia, especially around where we are located. Um, what can we do for you in specific? >> Yeah. Right. Honestly, man, I want to cut the theatrics, man. So, I'm a design student. I do website design for a living. I'm just starting out and um I actually mocked you guys up a completely free demo website. I noticed you guys don't have a website at the moment. So, went ahead and mocked that up if you guys want to obviously take a look. Once again, completely free. >> Um this is the third call. Um I've definitely got to book some time. I've got a couple other websites to look at as well, but I mean you sound ambitious. You sound promising. Um I could definitely try and look into some time. Do you do like a free later this week that we could like schedule something? >> 100%, bro. So, did you say you've been reached out to by others before for this exact same thing? >> I have, yes, but um I've looked at some of the other people's and they just don't look high quality. Um and they just I think they've lagged as well. They just weren't responsive. >> Yeah. Right. To be honest with you, a lot a lot of people are using AI nowadays. That's probably the reason why. >> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm not too sure. I'm not too familiar with that like uh chat GBT stuff, but Yeah. Okay. Well, whoa. Well, mate, what makes your site so much better? >> Well, I mean, honestly, man, so I noticed you guys obviously don't don't have a site at all. Do you have a way of like capturing leads after hours? Cuz obviously once you're closed, how do people kind of contact you? >> Uh, it's it's a lot of word of mouth. Um, there's a lot of like quote kind of sites as well where you like can put up your brand or like your website, but there's no proper like 100% always online kind of sites, >> right? So, you No, I mean all of our websites are always online. So, one of the things we obviously offer is essentially AI live chatting. So, you always have someone to talk to that kind of learns your specific site and then obviously a contact us form. So, they can always kind of reach out at any time of the day, whatever time it might be. You can obviously get all of your prospects information overnight and then obviously call them up when you guys open. >> Okay. And how much extra does that cost me? >> Honestly, man, once again, I've whipped up the entire site completely free of charge. Um, as I said, I'm already done. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, we we already made the website. It was just um again like I had some free time. time I got recommended to you as I said and um obviously whip something up wanted to go ahead and give you you know show it to you and again if it's something you want to do we'll literally just charge you for like the hosting costs um and then obviously yeah I mean man and again like if you're free sometime later today this afternoon I know it's only 3 p.m. for you I'm not too sure what you have on your calendar at the moment but um we can definitely book something in and I can walk you through it >> well I'm having a look at my calendar now I am available at 6:00 p.m. my time today. >> How does that sound for you? >> Beautiful, bro. That works for me. So, what I'll actually go ahead and do um is send you over a Google Meet link and we can obviously go ahead and our screen share and walk you through it. And I mean, if something aligns and you you think it's something you'd want to go with, we can definitely go from there. >> Okay. Um All right. I'll give it a shot. You sold me. >> All right. Sweet. Not yet, bro. But yeah, we'll have we'll have a little bit of chat and we'll see what we can do. >> All right. All right. I appreciate it. Sorry. What was your name again? >> Uh Blake. >> Blake. Blake. Good to meet you, man. I appreciate this. >> Likewise, man. We'll talk soon at >> zero.
