# how i make $46,314/mo selling the same website to local businesses

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGAp8jc97-w
- Video ID: nGAp8jc97-w
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 10:57
- Views / published: 642 views • 2 months ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

how I make $46,000 a month selling pre-built websites. Now guys, this is going to be going over my exact business model and honestly the biggest mistake I've ever kind of made getting into this. And honestly, just to start this off so you guys know I'm not completely full of crap. Here is our Stripe dashboard. We're currently sitting at $47,000 in MR. I can obviously go ahead and refresh this page cuz I know there are a lot of grifters in this industry. Now, the biggest mistake I do kind of want to talk about is when I first started, I actually didn't take MR. Now, don't worry. I'm going to get into more detail on this actual business model in this video, but when I first started out, I was essentially doing these websites on consignment. And you guys can kind of see here, we were working on fan bases. Obviously, we did about $128,000 in our first month. And I can of course go ahead and filter this by all time. And while you might be saying, well, you're only doing 50K a month now. Why were you doing so much more this long ago, but still the model? Now, the reason for that was because it was a lot more effort. we had to reach out to clients and you know local businesses every single day and sell them onetime fees. Whereas now we essentially get 50k a month from those previous clients continuously paying every single month with zero ongoing effort. Now in this video I want to give you the exact blueprint for completely free on how I made 128k in my first month selling websites to local businesses and now obviously how I've got to $46,000 in MR with a new fixed model. And of course really quick guys if you want to join my public Discord server that's discord.gg/ gg/mastermind. It's honestly just a super cool networking environment. We've just opened it up and it's full of other people trying to scale their agency. And of course, this is not financial advice. It's simply my opinion and what's worked for me. Now, what is the actual venture? What are we actually selling? What is this business model? Now, in a nutshell, this business model is essentially offering pre-existing websites that you already have on your own systems to local businesses to improve their lead generation and honestly their online presence as a whole. Let me give you a very quick example. So, a few of the websites that we kind of host for local businesses are on Framer. Now, Framer is literally a drag and drop website template, and they essentially allow you to kind of customize templates however you'd like, and of course, host websites and publish the changes directly on Frame. Again, this is not sponsored or any of that [ __ ] This is just me showing you exactly what we do. So, here would be an example. Let's say we're working with a handyman company or a plumbing company. We would quite literally offer them this exact website, change it to be let their logo at the top, connect their domain, change the text, and of course have like a request your free quote section, and honestly just have a really nice looking website that we can continuously reuse for every single client. And you might be saying, "Well, don't you have to remake this website each time you reach out to a specific company?" No. That's the beauty of this, right? They don't know the websites we use. We change them every single time. and we can quite literally just reuse the exact same site with different images every single time to every single different niche. So, what are we actually offering though? I guess the biggest kind of thing that you guys are probably asking. Now, the first thing is of course SMS follow-up. So, as soon as they log on the website or any of these leads or potential clients click on the site. As of right now, most of these local businesses, you have to call them up to actually do anything. We of course add an instant SMS follow-up system on the actual website itself. We of course host the website. We host a domain for them. We create the logo for them if they don't already have one. We handle their Google reviews and we also handle their SEO optimization. Now, the benefit of all of these things is the fact that every single one of these requires no intervention on our end. And we can essentially have the entire process kind of expedited and automated in the background without ever needing to touch anything. And again, from face value and from what they're actually looking at, it seems as if we are doing something and we are continuously providing value even though the value is copy and pasted and literally just pre-made assets. Now, in terms of the model, I was kind of telling you guys before, we actually just did lump sum when we first started. So, we're essentially charging $1.5k to $2,000 per company per website. But nowadays, what we actually do is charge a simple fee, $197 to $297 a month to each of these local businesses to handle all of the affformentioned features. And again, let's say you just have 100 businesses that you work with. 100 time 297 is literally $30,000 in MR. And you might be saying, "Well, how the hell do I find these businesses?" Guys, this is the easiest business model in the world. Plumbing near me. Literally, go ahead, press on more businesses. Scroll through here, find companies that don't have any websites, give them a cold call, sell them the tool. This is so straightforward. It's one of those models where I'm sure you guys can kind of see it's not complete [ __ ] because you can see how it would work. Use your brain, use your imagination. Now, this is what kind of differentiated us from the competition and I want to be sharing with you guys for completely free. What we do is we actually target companies that don't have any website at all. Now, the reason for this is we can actually buy the domain for them. Keep in mind if they don't have a website, chances are they don't have a domain. And of course, when you purchase a domain, you own that domain. So, let's say, for example, we wanted to work with Russo Brothers. After we close the sale, we would quite literally go ahead and just purchase the domain russ.com.au, for example. Or let's say, for example, Russplumbing.com.au. And of course, that's actually taken, but just for simplicity sake, you would get a domain that is available. And again, once you purchase that domain and you have them on monthly retainer, they can never leave you. They kind of forced to stay working under you. And I know it might seem a little bit messed up, but if you think about it this way, if you own the domain, if you own the website, if you're hosting everything inhouse for them, even though it isn't any effort on your end, intrinsically, they're not going to cancel. And that's kind of how you optimize your churn rate. Churn is of course the percentage of people that are canceling the subscription every single month. Now, the majority of people usually have about a 20 to 30% churn rate, meaning 30% of the clients every single month are actually canceling their membership. But of course, when you're kind of handling the domain in house, you're handling the website in house, your churn is actually lower than 5%. And that's what we've kind of been able to built up over the last year or so. Now, really quick, guys, my brand new program one-on-one to work directly with me in scaling your own agency just launched. It's called start offering.com. Literally watch this completely free video. If you decide, look, it's something I want to look into. Go ahead and click on start today. Book a completely free call with myself. And again, if you don't have 20 clients at 197 a month, by the end of the 90-day program, you receive a full refund. It's literally a no-brainer. Now, again, guys, the slots are quite limited. So, if you don't get a slot, don't feel worried. We only just launched this a couple days ago. Again, let's get back into the video. Now, the client acquisition channels. This is essentially once you have your kind of pre-built template on Framer. You know, you've kind of built up your template. I'm going to make a new video soon on kind of how to actually go about doing these templates. And of course, if you want to go in my one-on-one program, we already talk all about this. But how do we actually acquire clients? Very, very easy. First thing, cold calling. I already spoke about this. Choose a subniche. Whether that's plumbing, whether that's electricity, whether that's handyman, whether that's roofing, whatever it might be. Look up roofing near me. You will find thousands of local roofing companies. You can actually use a VPN so you can see better areas in different kind of suburbs. You can filter by whatever suburb you want to have your specific demographic be in. and literally just cold call every single company you see without a website. And again, once you've kind of gone through the majority without websites, you can start cold calling the ones that have websites, but they're just kind of [ __ ] And that way, you can still sort of close them on that big offer. Now, once you've kind of cold called them, you don't want to sell directly on the phone call. You want to be like, "Look, when are you free for a call? I'd love to show you the demo that we whipped up for you guys specifically." And obviously book in a specific time, whether that's on Google Meets, whether that's on Zoom, whatever the software or the platform might be. And of course, once you're there with them, you want to actually have whipped up a demo site for them just with their logo with their name on one of your templates. And you can essentially show that to them. Literally explain how you can improve lead flow, how you can bring them one extra sale a month. And then you want to kind of pitch the offer on that call. This is a big mistake I see people doing, and that's cold calling and expecting someone to just send you money. That's not going to work. Next thing you can kind of do to kind of reach out to agencies and reach out to local businesses is cold SMS. Now, this only works if you're, you know, if you're messaging 04 numbers, obviously in America, I think you guys would have like plus one numbers. That's the only time that kind of works. And again, I really would just recommend cold calling. It is the most valuable part. Next thing, and this is once you're kind of established, these two are sort of entry level, but once you've kind of got this really, really big and you're at like 10K a month, you can start experimenting with meta ads, targeting local businesses. After that, the final thing is of course word of mouth. That would just be you work with a business, they really like the way you work, they tell it to other local businesses around them and it just kind of flows and all the lead flow goes to you. And then of course the final thing is of course hiring a VA on commission/e equity. A VA meaning virtual assistant, somebody that actually handles the cold calls for you. But of course, this is something that I would only recommend doing later on once you've scaled and you want to actually increase the amount of inventory you have and the amount of clients you're bringing on. And again, do not just hire some Filipino off of like online jobs.ph. So many gurus in this industry are going to say, "Go on online jobs and pay someone to cold call." No. Nobody wants to buy from a Filipino. I'm sorry to lie to you, but if you're selling in a first world country, people are only going to trust people that have that accent. Do you only really want to hire a VA? Let's say I'm based in Australia. I want to hire a professional VA in Australia. That obviously means premium prices. And I am completely aware that you will not be able to afford that at the very start unless you work on an equity basis where you're giving them a percentage of the company to actually bring you clients, which again you can do. But I would just recommend getting that proof of concept at the start doing it yourself. Now again, small businesses are the easiest businesses to close in history. As I said, the majority of them are old people with no social media experience. Looking at a website template that we just showed them, there is no possible way they would ever think that this is something that's cheap or easy to host. I mean, look how nice it looks. And again, we know in our minds that this is insanely easy to do. But keep in mind, a lot of these local businesses are owned by old people who literally have zero experience with website hosting, website development, nothing like that. And this is a massive social presence booster for them. Now, how the funnel works, $297 a month, making it a no-brainer for them to ever cancel. Again, if you have 10 clients, that's literally like $4,000 a month. Book a call, close on the call for 297 a month. And this is kind of how we pitch it to them. Even if we just bring these local businesses, one new client a month, that's worthwhile, right? The average roofing job probably about $500, could even go upwards of $1,000. We only need to be bringing these businesses one client a month with our lead flow, with our SMS follow-ups, with our contact us form, with everything for it to be worth it for them to never cancel. You need to make it a no-brainer for them to ever consider churning. Make them rely on you. And again, whether that's with owning the domain, whether that's by just kind of pitching it to them like, "Hey, do you have any way of kind of contacting these leads once you guys are actually closed in house?" You know how the majority of these companies close at like 5 or 6 p.m. After that time, what about people that are looking it up on Google? Do you have any SEO optimization? All those leads are kind of going down the drain because you have no way of nurturing and contacting them. But by having this contact us form, you're essentially being able to nurture those leads. Pitch it as that. Make it seem like a no-brainer. And I guarantee you this business model is a wild one. Now again guys, if you want to work directly with me one-on-one in my brand new mentorship program that I just opened up where if you don't have 20 clients at 197 a month by the end of the 90 days, you receive a full refund. Go ahead and watch this video, watch my testimonials down below. Book a completely free call with me. If you seem like a good fit, I will definitely be in touch. And again, if you want to join my Discord server, that's disc/mastermind, a super cool networking environment, and you can always ask me questions if you're confused for completely free. I've greater.
