# how local businesses pay me $297/mo and NEVER cancel..

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUOzpkysdN0
- Video ID: MUOzpkysdN0
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 9:11
- Views / published: 122 views • 3 months ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

How local businesses pay me $297 a month and never cancel. Now guys, I'm currently making $50,000 MR every single month selling copy and paste websites to local businesses. And today I'm going to be showing you the exact blueprint that I use to scale optimize churn and keep clients paying for life. Now, just so you guys know I'm not full of let me go ahead and show you my Stripe dashboard right here. I can obviously go ahead and show you. We're sitting at about $46,000 in MR at the moment. I can of course go ahead and refresh this page as many times as necessary. And again, getting off this, I can go ahead and show you our fan basis wallet. Now, this is what we used prior to working with Stripe. And again, I've spoke about this in previous videos. We essentially worked on a nonMRbased model, meaning we were just charging onetime fees for these websites to be set up. And that turned out to be a massive problem. So, we of course moved over from Fanbase, but in that time, you guys can see we did $128,000 in our first month. And again, I'm not kind of showing you these testimonials and these websites to sort of flex, but just to show you that you can trust what I'm kind of saying and know that what I'm telling you to implement genuinely has worked for me. And guys, before we get into this, if you want to go ahead and join the public Discord server, it's discord.gg/mastermind. We just launched it. It's full of a bunch of other like-minded individuals that are kind of into the agency space. Now, no more yapping. This is not financial advice. Let's get straight into the video. So, what is it that we actually sell? This is probably one of the biggest questions cuz you know it's easy for me to say look I'm making 50k a month. What are we actually offering to clients? Now here's an example of a website right this is literally just a car detailing website. You can see it's very simplistic. They have a get a quote option. They have a live chat feature. They have Google reviews and of course just SEO optimization. So we literally grab a website exactly like this and just continue to copy and paste it in a bunch of different niches. Now a niche for example could be car detailing. It might be plumbing. It might be electricity. Heck, it might even be roofing. There are so many different options. Now, once you've kind of diagnosed your subniche, whether that's roofing, whether that's plumbing, whatever it might be, you literally want to go ahead and simply cold call them. Now, what do I mean by cold calling? And again, don't rush into this. Watch the entire video, have a full understanding of the entire premise before you really get into it. But let's say, for example, you chose plumbing. You would literally just look up plumbers near me. And again, the best part about this is that it's dependent on your location. So, there might be a ton of plumbers in my area that really haven't been reached out to yet. And again, let's say you live in Canada, for example. There might be a ton of plumbers in Canada. So, it is really dependent on where you live. So, all we want to do is literally just scroll through until we find a company that doesn't have a website. And then, just for example, this one right here, we'll go ahead and give them a call and simply sell them the service and try and book a call. And you can quite literally just keep scrolling for ages and ages and ages and build up a really long-term list that you can continue cold calling for the entire day to really book some calls. And again, as I was saying, we have optimized our churn rate. So, essentially, what is churn? Now churn is how much percentage of clients every single month are canceling their subscription. Now if you are offering this kind of website thing to local businesses and I'm going to get into way more information guys don't get overwhelmed but you might notice that a lot of big kind of companies and agencies have a 20 to 30% churn rate. Meaning 20% of the people that subscribe every single month are cancelling every single month. We're actually sitting at about a 5% churn rate. And I'm going to walk you guys through exactly how we've managed to kind of get to that point. And the biggest thing I will tell you guys is contingencies. This is the most important thing. Make the companies and the local businesses that you're selling copy and paste websites to make them contingent on your business. What do I mean by this? Now, to actually make the copy and paste websites literally on gohighle.com, you can use my link down below, 14-day free trial using my affiliate link. And again, there are a ton of literally freeto use website templates. And again, make sure that these companies you're working with are reliant on you. Meaning, you're working with people that don't already have websites. And again, if you're charging them $1.97 a month and you make the entire website for them, which again, we can literally copy and paste with GoHigh Level, then they become dependent on you. And this is how we've managed to optimize our churn so hard. We don't just work with people that already have websites. Yes, we do work with them, but it's not our primary focus. We primarily target people that don't have websites because again, they're less likely going to not be too techsavvy and rather easy to sell to and keep them on retainer because again, a lot of these people that are very old think that websites are an expensive thing to run. Now, how do we actually create copy and paste websites using gohigh level SMS follow-ups, everything? So, Gohigh Level literally handles everything for you. Again, this isn't sponsored at all. I have an affiliate link you can use, but again, I really don't care. Again, guys, you can quite literally go ahead and look up Gohigh Level website templates. You'll have a bunch of car detailing ones, a bunch of plumbing detailing ones, all these other kind of options. And all you want to do is simply change the images and change the name and the logo for the companies you might be working with. And again, you host the entire thing in GoHigh Level. It's essentially a CRM and your own little portal. Now, Gohigh Level literally handles everything for you. So, when we're actually pitching to local businesses, you want to be offering them kind of features. Now, Gohigh Level has SMS follow-ups, AI, live chat, the entire website hosting, logo creation, everything. So, we can essentially offer an all-in-one software to these local businesses without ever needing to lift a finger. And again, this is entirely passive once the website is set up. Even if we're just bringing these clients and these local businesses 1 to two clients a month, it still makes sense for them to be paying us 197 to 3.97 a month. Now, if you guys are just starting out, starting at a lower price point is never a bad thing. And I would recommend about 197 to 297 a month. Now, what features can we actually offer with GoHigh Level and offer to local businesses? And again, these are all kind of optimized for churn rate to really make sure we're keeping these people contingent and dependent on us as a whole. Now, one thing we can do is of course SMS follow-up. So people can come to the website. Let's say the local business is closed at the time. They're missing out on a ton of free traffic and a ton of clients that might be purchasing. So potential clients. Now, by having the SMS follow-up little box on the website, we're beating out a ton of competition that are already in this space that don't have that. And we might just bring them one to two extra clients a month and keep them with us. Next thing is, of course, handling the entire website creation for them, which at face value seems like a massive thing you're doing for them. But in reality, you're quite literally just copy and pasting a website template that you already have, but changing it depending on the industry and depending on the images. Next thing is SEO optimization. This is another kind of fundamental thing you can kind of bundle in. Now, everybody knows SEO optimization is pretty much It has a lot to do with authority, but again, these local businesses and these companies as a whole have no idea. So, we can offer this as a kind of feature to them. And again, we can just do some simple changes to Google's back end and kind of the SEO system as a whole. and go high level by itself is already quite optimized when it comes to SEO and arguably the most important thing is Google reviews. Now guys, if you want to work directly with me in scaling your kind of agency to offer it to local businesses, we actually have a brand new program we just launched, start offering.ai, you can book a completely free call one-on-one with myself. And if we do decide to work with you, if you don't have 20 clients at 197 a month by the end of the 90 days, you will receive a full refund, no questions asked. And in this program, we go into depth on exactly how you can kind of fake Google reviews for different businesses. And again, different businesses and businesses as a whole use Google reviews as a fundamental metric, especially these older generation people, they look at Google reviews and they think of it as the end all or be all. We talk about exactly how to do that. But again, I don't want to, you know, dwell too much on that. I want to get back into the free value and the video itself. Next thing we do is obviously avoiding negative reviews. Now, again, this can be directly done in go high level. you have a little review section, obviously like five to one star. And if the client themselves chooses anywhere between one to three star, it'll go ahead and ask them for the exact reason why they're doing that. And then rather than putting that review on the website directly, it'll actually send that to the company itself. And they can then follow up and see if it can be resolved. So we're essentially avoiding negative reviews if that makes sense. And again, this can entirely be done through GHL. Now, this is the exact stack of how you do this. So this is exactly how these steps should kind of be organized. Now, I guess I should say at the start, get your offer all sorted. know exactly what you're offering, have all of the kind of fundamentals in place. So once you do sign your first client, you're ready to go immediately. These people don't want to be left waiting. And again, if you close on a call, you really want to make sure you can immediately deliver the site you promised on. Now, this is how you start. Of course, cold calling. Now, I already spoke about this. Literally find different kind of subniche people, give them a call if they don't have a website. Now, once you've gone ahead and given them a call, you want to kind of pitch the idea. Say, "Look, do you have any current websites you're working with? Do you want to do some SEO optimization? You know, I run an agency where we've scaled numerous people in this exact same field, and they've seen some really good results, so we figured we'd reach out. Now, if they do seem interested, you want to go ahead and try and book them on a Google Meet or Zoom call. So, be like, "Look, does Sunday at 8:00 p.m. EST work for you?" And again, once you've got them on the Zoom call, that's when you want to actually pitch your offer. So, of course, the next step would be booking the call with them and actually showing up. Now, once you're on the call, you want to go ahead and close the sale. Give them a bunch of FOMO. Pretend as if they're pitching you. Don't come to them. And this is just simple closing tactics. Again, we go into depth on this in the program itself, but again, you want to close on call. You want to make sure you're never allowing them to wait and close off of call like, "Sorry, I have to talk to my wife. I have to think about it. I'll get back to you." Make sure you're ultimately always trying to kind of avoid the objections that clients have. And again, guys, I hope you learned something new. Go ahead and check out discord.gg/mastermind if you want to get an entirely free networking environment. And again, if you decide you want to work directly with me, go ahead and book a completely free call on start offering.com. Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great day.
