# how i make $128,280.42/month selling ONE website to local companies lol..

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YChgiNlS7yI
- Video ID: YChgiNlS7yI
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 9:08
- Views / published: 1.7K views • 3 months ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

how I make $128,000 a month selling one website to local companies. And guys, this is going to be showing my first ever mistake in this specific business venture. And I'm going to show you the exact blueprint and kind of optimizations that I personally used to make 128K in my first month of selling AI websites to local businesses. And again, this is going to be an entirely in-depth guide. This is the first video on this channel. So, if you guys do enjoy, make sure to subscribe. And once again, guys, this is not financial advice. It is simply me giving my own opinion on what's worked for me in the past. Now, initially, just so you guys know, I'm not completely full of Here's my fan basis login. So, if we go ahead and check when I first started this brand new company, and again, the way we sort of structured this, I'll get into more info in today's video. But again, we launched this in about February 20th, February 28th, and immediately we had traction. You can see here, first day, I believe we created this fan base's account on the 15th, and by the 18th, we had our first $1,000 day. Obviously, it kept going higher and higher and higher and we were kind of averaging about 5 to even 10K a day and actually peaked at 20,000 in one day. Now, this was a very big problem at the time. Now, yes, it was insane money. But what's pretty important is that this was not a monthly subscription model. The majority of these sales were onetime fees, and that was a massive mistake that I made at the time. So, around March 14th, we finally realized that hold on, we could be turning this into something that's a recurring model rather than just a onetime thing. So, for kind of some clarity, at this point, we're giving them one-time websites, and they could essentially handle everything themselves. But what I realized was, hold on, we can lower the price from the $1,500 price point we had it set at and make it something like 3.97 a month and see if that does any better in terms of churn. And it did. You might see a drop off here, but that's simply because we swapped to a different platform and just had our VA handling this older one until we completely transitioned. And that went about until April 6th. Now, we're currently on Stripe and we have insane MR with this brand new business. And I'm going to walk you through the entire model and why I believe after doing a bunch of different social media related things as you can see behind me why AI agencies are so astronomically untapped and possible for anybody to start today. Now what the actual venture is now what are we actually doing? We're offering pre-existing websites to local businesses to improve their lead generation and online presentation. Now it could literally be as simple as this. This is literally just a website template. You know you have logo here. you have whatever service they're offering, whether it's car detailing, whether it's cleaning, laundry mats, whatever it might be, and you simply replace empty for whatever genre you might be doing. Replace the background image with something from their specific business. And what we handle is, of course, their social media management, live chatting, so you can literally just input your information and get an immediate call back. And Google reviews. Now, I know it seems quite simplistic and why the hell would anybody pay for this? But essentially, what we're doing is lead generation, right? We have instant SMS follow-ups for specific agencies and companies around our local business area. We optimize their Google reviews. Now, this is something I don't see many people doing, but we actually give them Google reviews that are completely five-star. And this is kind of a benefit that we've added to this package to kind of stand out from the usual, you know, people in this genre that's kind of oversaturating it. What we also do is of course SEO optimization. And the majority of you guys know this is kind of It's pretty difficult to optimize SEO, especially with how competitive Google is. And it really just relies on authority. But of course, the majority of these people don't know that. And to their eye, it is something worthwhile. Now, again, we kind of priced this after we kind of transitioned to 3.97 a month. And again, our churn rate is only 5%. Meaning only 5% of our customers every single month cancel their subscription. And this is imperative. If you're working on 50 or 40% churn rates, it is horrible. It's not sustainable because the amount of people you have coming in are simply not going to offset the amount that you have cancelling every single month. So again, I would much rather have $10,000 MR with a 90% churn than I would 30,000 MR with a 50% churn just because it doesn't have anywhere near as much longevity. And I want to get into how we've been able to optimize our churn rate, how we handle outreach, and everything else in today's video. Now, how do you actually acquire clients for this specific thing? And there are multitude of ways to do this. Now, it is pretty easy, and I'm going to go through the different levels. You obviously have entry level and then once you've kind of become a little bit more established. Now, the first kind of entry- level point that you would utilize to kind of acquire customers would of course be cold calling. Now, everybody is familiar with this. For reference, we could literally look up car detailing near me. And by simply looking this up, you'll see a ton of local businesses around my area and there are just thousands. Another thing is I kind of had an advantage, I'm not going to lie, because I am based in Australia and Australia is very untapped in terms of local businesses and people offering AI to them and of course services as a whole. So, you would literally just scroll through here. You see, everybody has a phone number attached and you just cold call them. And I know the majority of you guys might be like, "Well, I'm not comfortable in front of the phone. Just suck it up. Don't be a If you want to get ahead in this world, you really have to put yourself in uncomfortable situations." And again, once you've done 10 or even 20 calls, you'll completely have that nervousness out of your system. And again, this is my first video on this channel. I'm going to make numerous videos showing exactly how we've managed to do this and examples of my personal scripts and how I can call up and dial and close a sale the same day. But again, you would quite literally just call up and reach out to a million of these agencies or a million of these numbers. Of course, not actually a million, but even just a few hundred a day. And again, if you're reaching out to, let's say, 200 a day, you're booking calls. And I'm going to go into the kind of lead flow and how we actually optimize this later in today's video. But again, let's say you call a 100 people, you might only have about 10 people that are actually interested and only five that close. But again, if you close five people at $3.97 a month, you've just secured $2,000 in MR that's going to be recurring every single month. presuming you provide a worthwhile service. And there are numerous other ways to kind of market. I'm going to quickly skim through these. You also have cold SMS. Now, this only works if you're doing it on a phone number. So, you might see a couple of these businesses have O2 numbers. That in Australia means they're kind of a factory complex. And I presume the majority of you guys in the US have the same thing. So, you really only want to be doing cold SMSs when you're seeing an 04 or plus one number. So, you can kind of cold SMS or you can, of course, cold call, which I would recommend if you're really at that entry- level point. Next thing, once you've kind of scaled, you can look into doing meta ads, which is where we're sort of at at the moment, which would of course be targeting local businesses and kind of pitching yourself as an offer with all those other affforementioned features. Next thing, we obviously have word of mouth. And this is quite literally one of those final steps that really doesn't take place until you're hitting 100K MR. And that would essentially be people you're working with that have had positive experiences recommending you to other local businesses. And again, the majority of these guys are boomers. They have no idea how social media works. And that's why we can leverage it in our favor so dramatically. Last thing is of course hiring a VA on commission or equity splits. Now of course VA would mean virtual assistant kind of handle calling for you. But at the start I would be pretty wary of this. The majority of these guys just simply aren't going to be able to close as efficiently as you considering you're the one that's actually closing and offers the service themselves. Far more incentive for you to work better than them. Now small businesses are the easiest to close in history. Majority are quite literally old people as I just said with zero social media experience. So, you might come in and I can say this personally, the majority of people we end up closing just quite literally have no idea how websites work. Heck, we've reached out to people and closed sales for people that don't even have websites whatsoever. So, by simply offering something that really doesn't have too much intrinsic value in their minds, it is insane. And again, keep in mind, even if we're just bringing one sale a month, it's still worthwhile for them to work with us and not cancel. Now, how the funnel actually works and as I said before, we were making a big mistake at the start when we did our first $130K. And that was by simply doing a onetime fee and not MRbased. So, how it works, very, very simple. It's $397 a month, making it a no-brainer for them to ever cancel, presuming we bring them at least one client a month. And again, if we just get 10 clients paying us 400 bucks a month, that's $4,000 MR. And this is essentially how our lead flow works. We cold call them. We tell them to book in a call with us directly. And once we've kind of booked a call, you do that whether you're doing it through Calendarly, cal.com, whatever it might be. And again, I would usually recommend just closing directly on the cold call, but if they're like, "Look, I have to think. I'd rather book a call. Do you have any time this week?" Go ahead and do that that way. And once you've booked the call, you essentially want to close them at 3.97 a month. And this is kind of the optimal price point. Uh you can experiment around 297 to 397. Any more, they're a bit weary. And any less, it just isn't worth it for the upside that you have to actually put in. And again, as I just said, even if we're just bringing these people and these websites and businesses that we're working with one new client a month, that's worthwhile for them. For example, if you're a car detailing business and you charge $300 for a car detail and we're bringing you one to even three clients a month, you would never cancel a 3.97 a month membership. And this is arguably the biggest factor that everybody misses. You need to make it a no-brainer for them to ever consider churning. Now, what do I mean by this? Make it so they rely on you. For example, make sure you're handling their SMS system, their email system, absolutely everything, even their Google reviews. Make it apparent that if they leave and don't end up working with you, then all of that will kind of evaporate. That's why we have such a low, I should say, churn rate because it doesn't make sense for the client to leave us. Again, this is the easiest business model I have ever seen after doing numerous business models. I mean, I've done YouTube automation my entire life and AI agencies are absolutely taking over with just how easy and low barrier to entry it actually is to get into. And guys, if you do want to go ahead and check out Go High Level, which is what we use for website templates for absolutely everything, go ahead and click the link below. Once again, this is my first video on this channel. If you learn something new, make sure to subscribe. I'm really excited for where this has to go for the future of this channel and endeavor. Thank you so much for watching. I have a greater
