# $46,313/month selling Ai to local businesses at 21.. (just copy this lol)

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fsf58o7anvU
- Video ID: Fsf58o7anvU
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 18:35
- Views / published: 1K views • 1 month ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

This is exactly how I've made $46,000 this month selling AI websites to local businesses at 21 years old. Literally copy my exact strategy. Now guys, I'm not going to gate anything. I know a lot of these gurus, they'll sort of hide things behind a payw wall. This is probably going to be one of the most valuable videos I've ever posted and it's essentially going to be going over this business model in its entirety, walking you through literally how I've done it and how this is probably the most simple business model in history to hit 50K a month. So, really quick guys, this is obviously a brand new business I just started for the sake of this channel. You can obviously go ahead and check that the dates in which I started this channel sort of line up with this business. So, I essentially wanted to do something, right? I wanted to make a brand new company completely separate from my current agency doing 50k a month. And don't worry, I'll get into more depth on sort of what it is we're offering and how we've kind of structured it. But again, we started this sort of business about a month ago. I haven't been putting too much time into it whatsoever. Like literally about maybe 10 minutes a day. Haven't hired any VAS. Haven't really done anything. And in that time, we've done $14,000 in gross volume. And as of right now, we're currently sitting at about $3,200 in MRI, meaning we're consistently paid $3,200 a month from these local businesses. And again, our churn rate is less than 5%. Churn, meaning the percentage of people that actually cancel every single subscription every single month. So again, what we obviously want to do is be kind of growing this business on a sustainable pace to where consistently we're doing months like this without us having to do anything. Now, what is it we're actually offering? Essentially, what we're doing in this is very, very simple. Let's say you wanted to sell local businesses to plumbing companies near you. literally just look up plumbing near me. We're going to be finding a ton of these Google reviewed websites. And as you can see, a lot of these guys don't actually have websites. Right here, this guy doesn't have a website, but yet he does have a phone number. So, the business model in a nutshell would be essentially calling up these numbers, cold calling them, and being like, "Look, we can get you guys a website. I've made you a nice demo website. Do you want to take a look at it? It's completely free to take a look if you like it. We'll work something out." Once you've obviously talked to them, and you've booked in a call with them, whether that's on Zoom, Google Meets, whatever it might be, you obviously pitch them the product. And that would be handling their website, which again is an AI website that we're literally just copy and pasting every single time to every single local business that we cold call. But again, offering it to them for about $297 a month to $197 a month. And then again, they don't actually cancel and they stick with you. That's the business model in a nutshell. And again, I'm going to be talking about exactly how to make the websites, how to scale this, how to reach out, how to cold call, how to do everything in today's video for again completely free. But again, if you guys want to join my Discord server before we get into this, it's discord.gg/mastermind. I've just started it. It's honestly just a super cool networking environment where all of you guys that watch these content and watch these videos can kind of talk to each other about growing your own agency. Now, as I said, this is going to be entirely raw and just walking you through the business model itself. So, first things first, what is the business model itself? Simple. You can obviously choose your pricing and I've seen pretty good success rates with different kind of pricing. You can either do anywhere from about $1.97 a month to about 3.97 a month. $397 a month would only be if your niche, which we'll talk a little bit about later, whether that's plumbing, scaffolding, whoever you're kind of, you know, wanting to sell to. The only time you want to be doing 3.97 a month on retainer to these websites is if you're doing a business model that has a super high AOV. AO ob meaning average order value. So for example, like if you're working with car detailing, they're not getting paid that much per sale, they're only getting paid maybe like what $150 per car that they detail. Whereas if you work with a company like roofing, their average order value might be three grand. So even if you're just bringing them one sale a month, and the way you kind of pitch it, look, even if we just bring you one sale a month, that would make back the entire investment and more. So, you want to be making sure that you are basing your pricing off of the niche you're sort of working with. And that is obviously something we're going to talk about a little bit later. But essentially, what are we actually giving them? We're obviously giving them a website. And again, most of these people, if we just look at one of these websites for reference, most of them are horrible, right? Like this website here, they have the GoDaddy thing at the very, very top. It looks like a very [ __ ] website, and all they have is a contact us page. But essentially, what we would do is literally go on a website like Framer. Head over to Framer templates. And there are so many different templates. We can look up, for example, like plumbing. And as you can see here, you have this website right here, Plumbbo plumbing and repair service template. Literally completely free to use. And you can quite literally rename their logo, add some of their images, embed the Google forms, embed an AI live chat with Framer plugins. Like literally look up Framer plugins. And again, once you have the Framer template, you can just press duplicate every single time. So every time you reach out to a new company, you'll be like, "Look, I already made you the website. Do you want to take a look at it?" That's kind of how I've gone about getting them in the door. And then obviously once they're on the call and they've looked at the website, they'll be like, "Holy [ __ ] this is amazing." And then that's when you obviously go ahead and pitch them the offer itself. So you never actually want to cold call them and be like, "Look, do you want to pay for this?" That's the worst thing to do. You want to say, "Look, I've drafted you up a website. My friend recommended your service to me. He said you do really, really good work. So I figured I'd mock you up a website. I'm a design student. Just bullshit." And kind of offer that to them that way. And again, on the sort of frame of plug-in section, you can literally look up a thing like live chat. And there is an AI chatbot that you can quite literally click on open plug-in, embed that into your website template, and then just use that every single time going forward and use that as an upsell. Like, look, how are you sort of nurturing your leads that come in through Google SEO when you're not open? And they're obviously going to be like, well, we don't we don't have any way of doing that. And that's when this sort of funnels into that. And again, you can do multitudes of things, right? You can do Google reviews, you can do SMS follow-ups, you can do so many different things, which again, I'll get more into in today's video. Another thing we obviously offer these businesses is Google reviews. So, we can also kind of I'm not going to say too much about it, but I'm sure you guys kind of know what I'm talking about when if they have negative Google reviews, we know how to remove those. Not going to talk too much about it cuz it's sort of against YouTube to But again, if you want to get complete access to that, go ahead and check out start offering.com. It's my brand new oneonone mentorship program. It's a 90-day program. I work directly with you in scaling an agency to 197 a month for 20 clients. So, if you don't have 20 clients at 197 a month, by the end of the 90 days, you receive a full refund, no questions asked. Again, if that seems like something that's of interest to you. So, if you're not making 5K a month, go ahead and book a completely free call with myself. Fill out this form and I'll be in touch. But again, as I was saying, all we kind of offer to them is general social media management of these local businesses. And again, once we sign these clients and we have that template all set up, there's really not much on their end for them to actually be doing aside from sort of just paying you every single month and just having that hosting all separate. Now, first things first, when you're actually doing this business model, it is finding local businesses and actually choosing a subniche. So for example, there is so many different subniches. You know, think of any sort of detailing based company around you. So plumbing, scaffolding, roofing, car detailing, car washing, there are so many different ones. You obviously want to choose sort of your local niche you want to be working with. And again, one of the beautiest things of this specific business model as a whole is the fact that it doesn't matter where you are, right? Because there's not going to be too much competition. For example, there are like a 100 different niches you can do and every single one of you lives in a different state. So for example, I would have local businesses near me. you would have different local businesses near you and you could essentially just offer that exact subniche to them. So you're really never having a conflict of interest whatsoever. Now again once you've sort of found your subniche you also want to take into consideration what I spoke about with your average order value. So whether you want to just open up a brand new chat prompt and I'll look up something like for the average plumbing company what's the average order value? Now it'll say the average order value is about 300 to 500 per job. So that obviously sort of funnels into what I'm talking about about choosing your pricing model quite wisely. And again, if you're getting an insane amount of clients, you can obviously change that pricing model based off of that. But again, I've noticed the best results with about 197 to 297 a month. It just flows easier for companies, and it's really not a financial burden on them. And it sort of works for any specific niche. Now, let's say, for example, we decided, look, we want to go with roofing. This is where it gets exciting. Literally just look up roofing near me, and I'm going to walk you through exactly how I find the best quality leads. So, literally click on more businesses, and as you can see, you're going to see a ton of people that are obviously here. Now, one thing you want to avoid is these sponsored leads. Chances are, if they're buying Google Ads to actually rank, they have some sort of idea of what they're doing when it comes to social media. And we obviously want to be targeting those idiots. So, some really good examples would be literally just click on all these websites right here. This guy doesn't have a website. When they don't have a website, they are amazing to sell to because chances are they know nothing about social media. And of course, websites might seem completely custom to them and they might think there's a lot more value in the website than there actually is. So, these are obviously the type of clients we want to be targeting for the most part. Another thing we can do is literally just open up all of these websites. Occasionally, you'll find some that don't even work or are very, very [ __ ] So, for example, let's go ahead and find one that simply isn't the best. Like this one, for example. This is a horrible website. They have no AI live chat. They have no SMS follow-up. They really don't have much going for them to actually attract leads. So, this is definitely one of those companies that I'd obviously save in a Google document and make sure I save their number so we can cold call them on our list. We'll obviously go ahead and store for a little bit longer. And really what we want to be targeting is these companies here that have no website whatsoever, but yet they do have a phone number. Now again, in terms of handling outreach, it is literally as straightforward as you would imagine. I want to make more videos on this channel in the future of me actually cold calling people and you seeing those results quite literally live. But again, in terms of handling outreach, I'll kind of walk you guys through exactly through the methods of what I've noticed works for me. Of course, the first thing would be cold calling. That would literally just be grabbing these phone numbers, calling them up, and saying, "Hey, I was recommended to this by one of my friends. I'm not sure if you're familiar with Julia. Yeah, she told me you guys do amazing work. Look, I'm a web design student. Obviously, I've gone ahead and drafted you guys up a website. I noticed your website is either not there or is lacking some features. So, I went ahead and drafted you up a website if you have some time later today or maybe tomorrow to book in a call and we can take a look. It literally won't take more than 5 minutes. Something like that. Cold call all these businesses. Book in as many calls as you possibly can. And again, I want you to keep in mind, if you sign two clients at 297 a month, you're already making $3,000 a month. And that is without hiring VAS, which I'll go into a little bit more later. That's obviously what we've done to scale this past the 50k a month range. After you get to about 10 20k a month, it becomes unrealistic for you to actually be handling these calls every single day. But again, when you're first starting, this is one of those business models where, look, if you're motivated, you could start today and start scaling instantly. You could have your first client today if you actually lock in. Now, another method is cold messaging. I haven't found too much success with this. I honestly don't like it. Honestly, when you're sort of cold calling people and trying to sell them an agency service, you really want to be developing that sort of relationship with them. And you really can't do that cold messaging. Yes, it's possible. Yes, you can get a ton of kind of mass and volume in, but again, if you're really targeting locally, you're going to run out of leads really, really quickly if you're not just cold calling. So, I definitely recommend that. This is for more of those sort of advanced people. Now, the next thing is, of course, meta ads. And this is very, very, very overpowered. This is what we're sort of tapping into now. And that would essentially be running Facebook ads every single day to local businesses in your area. even past that and being like, we'll set up your website, do all this [ __ ] and then you have an onboarding form, an entire lead funnel where you sort of collect those phone numbers and then call people that are already interested. But again, this is something that I would sort of recommend doing a bit later down the line. I think with a sort of a niche and a money-m structure like this, you really want to be first building yourself up and getting to that 5, 10, 20k MR a month mark before sort of looking into that meta paid ads sort of sector. And again, with meta ads, it takes a lot of research to kind of understand what ad templates are working. you obviously have to spend quite a bit of money to actually acquire those customers and it really isn't as good return on investment at the very very start. But don't get me wrong, once you've got 5, 10, 20k a month, it definitely is worth looking into. And the final sort of method to actually reach out to these local businesses is word of mouth. This is probably the biggest thing that happens later down the line at the start. You're really not going to notice anything from this if I'm being entirely truthful with you guys. Word of mouth being, let's say you work with a local business and you set up their website. They might know other local businesses in different subniches and they might say, "Look, these guys helped me." And then again, once you have like 150 clients, it's consistently building and building and building with word of mouth. But again, don't rely too much on this. Cold calling is really going to be where the actual money-making is at. Now, the most important thing is, of course, social proof for outreach and closing the objection. So, when you obviously hop on the call with these guys and you've obviously booked a call past the cold call, you want to have that website ready. So, you literally just want to use that framer template that you already made. I'm going to go ahead and show you guys exactly how I do this right now. So, for example, let's say we wanted to go with this Plumbbo template. I'll literally just click on use for free. I'm going to show you how insanely easy this is, guys. Again, frame of cost, nothing to do, and a little bit of source as well. When you're working with these businesses, if they don't have websites already, you should actually register their domain and handle the website for them and handle the domain for them because again, once you own the domain, you sort of lock them into a contract. So, they kind of can't leave you without losing that domain since you are the one that actually bought it. So, little bit of a trick. It's a bit scummy, but it does work. Again, this is the template right here. framer requires no coding knowledge whatsoever. I can literally go ahead and just like double click on whatever I want to edit. So, for example, if I want to change reliable to scaffolding, I can literally just type that in. Right? So, let's say, for example, I looked up plumbing near me and I want to find the first lead that has no website. The same person that I'd obviously want to call up. Now, again, don't actually do these websites unless you've sort of booked a call with them. But again, these websites should not take you more than 5 minutes to do. So, let's say I cold call this guy. He was like, "Yep, I'm happy to do a call." Grab his name. Literally go ahead and just replace that here. obviously make it better than what I'm doing. I'm completely just improving this on the spot. But you're going to do something like that. Plum perfectionist plumbing anytime blah blah blah blah blah. Change the images, put their logo in. If they don't have a logo, you can also include that as an extra add-on, which is just like building a logo for them with AI, which is insanely easy, guys. And then again, in terms of actually adding those sort of plugins we were talking about, look up Framer plugins. Head over to the live chat plugin we were just talking about before. If you want to have that as one of your upsells, click on open plugin. You can literally click the one that you actually want. So our one is obviously Plumbo. We'll add that directly to our framework project and I'll show you how easy this is to configure. And there we go. Pla AI chatbot. Literally just log to connect it and you can add that AI chatbot directly to your site. And again, whenever we have this, we can quite literally, if I go ahead and go back to my dashboard, we can click on these three dots here and just duplicate. So every time we have a new business that we want to work with, we can just duplicate the website, change the name, and offer that to them directly with doing zero work on our own end. So once you have that base and that template to work with, you can continuously just rinse and repeat that going forward for literally every single lead. Now again guys, if you want to get access to all of my cold calls, all of my objections, all of my meeting links that I've personally had to overcome over the last 2 years building up this business model. Go ahead and check out start offering.com. Once again, book a completely free call with myself. If you seem a good fit, we will definitely be in touch. And again, if you aren't making 5K a month by the end of this 90-day program, you get your money back completely and no questions asked. Now again, in terms of the plugins and the framer templates that we're actually offering to these local businesses, you essentially want to be handling SMS marketing. So again, you can do this with sort of frame plugins as well. Literally look up SMS followup follow-up tool. So again, most of these local businesses, they don't have any way of contacting leads after they found the website. So they might have a little like contact us page, but what you can actually include is a phone number thing where they can of course inquire with their number and we can use that as an additional upsell. So when we call up these other companies, we can use that to sort of leverage our way in. So we can be like, look, how do you sort of contact leads that call up after the nighttime hours, after you guys are closed? Oh, we don't. Oh, amazing. Well, what we can actually do is insert a and then so and so. So, for example, you can be doing that. You can also be doing follow-ups. So, they can insert their information. You have an email list that consistently emails them. And again, I want to make this clear. It might sound like an overwhelming amount of information, but keep in mind once you have that template and that plug-and-play template, you can reuse it every single time and it will continue to have those sort of templates that you built into it directly. Another thing we can do is obviously getting them Google reviews. This is one of those things that people and local businesses and old people that are so unfamiliar with social media tend to love. That's Google reviews. We can actually remove any Google review that's negative. That's one of the things we can sort of offer to them. If you want to learn how to do that, again, I talk about it in my program. Again, if you want to join my Discord server, discord.gg/ gg/mastermind. I'll feel free to answer any of your questions if you might have something like this. I can't say it on YouTube. I'm sure you guys know what I'm talking about. Now, what actually separates us? I'm going to quickly go ahead and just like go into depth. So, website appearance. Obviously, these framer templates are amazing. They look so so so nice. And again, you don't need any coding experience at all to literally do this. And that's one of those things where when these people see this website, they're going to be like, "Holy [ __ ] that is insane." And I know it sounds unrealistic. People might be like, "This business model, there's no way it works." I promise you, it actually does. and it works amazingly. Again, SEO optimization. This is super easy. I'm sure the majority of you guys know that SEO optimization is a bit of [ __ ] really. But again, it is one of those things you can leverage to upsell to these people. Next thing is, of course, removing negative reviews, custom Google reviews. Nobody else does this. And of course, SMS follow-ups, AI chatting, all these other sort of things that can increase the lead flow. And again, the way you sort of position this to these people is like, look, what if we could just bring you one extra lead a month? What if we could just bring you one extra sale a month? that would literally cover the entire cost of the website. Plus, you get that social proof, plus you get those Google reviews, plus your entire website and branding just looks that much more professional. Now, this is what I really want to touch on. This is sort of how you go past and how I personally went past that, you know, 10K a month mark and really scaled it past that to about 40k a month. And that is, of course, hiring a virtual assistant for outreach on equity. Now, what this means is essentially hiring someone to work for your business and cold call these people. So you're not constantly having to cold call every single day, but having them work on an equity percentage rather than a payment percentage. Now, this is completely up to you. You can do whichever way you prefer. Rather than paying them, you know, let's say they close a client or they book a call, you might pay a virtual assistant, let's say $10 per call they book. But again, those calls might not close. They might have have acquired those calls in a pretty unoptimized way. And what we can actually do, and this is one of those little tricks that I've learned, is actually giving them incentive. So, by working with these virtual assistants and saying, "Look, for every single client you bring us, we'll give you 10% equity, right? Something like that, or even closers, people that actually handle the course for you as well, for every single close you bring us, we can give you 30% equity." And again, have about 10 of those VAS all working in different states for the same business. And again, every single time you get you get a sale, it's completely passive because you aren't having to actually handle anything. Now, in terms of hiring a VA, don't just go on like online jobs.ph. I know a lot of people talk about this, all the big guys in the space. This is [ __ ] The only time you want to use online jobs is if it's a job that doesn't involve actually talking to people. Nobody is going to close. Let's say I'm from Australia, right? If I'm cold calling local businesses in Australia, if it's some Filipino person picking up the phone, they're never going to close. You're not going to close any sales. The only time online jobs is realistic is if you're doing a job sort of that requires something that isn't talking to the people. So, for example, online jobs, they could do the frame websites for you, mock you up templates, do template designs, make each template whenever you give them the new company you've just signed. But in terms of actually calling, you want to make sure you're hiring a qualified VA. Now, there's ways to do this, whether that's Upwork, whether that's using somebody you know, whether that's putting an actual post on a job listing website in your area. And again, we can hire people that work 9 to5s very, very easily for like 700 bucks a week. And again, yes, 700 a week is quite high if you're starting, but that's why I'm talking about you only want to be hiring a VA to take the burden off of yourself once you're already hitting those 10 20k a month marks. Now again guys, if you want to work directly with me in scaling your own AI agency, you get all my framer templates, all of my script templates, absolutely everything. Go ahead and check out start offering.com. Book a completely free call with me. And again, if you guys want to join my Discord server, that's discord.gg/mastermind. It's a super cool network environment. Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great day. Hey, I hope you learned something new.
