# how i make $45,000/m selling AI websites (copy me)

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdUfzIGkVY4
- Video ID: KdUfzIGkVY4
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 7:43
- Views / published: 1.8K views • 3 months ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

how I make $45,000 a month selling AI websites. Now, just so you guys know I'm not completely full of I'm going to go ahead and quickly show you some of my dashboards. So, if we head over to Stripe, you can see we're currently sitting at $46,000 in MR. I can obviously go ahead and refresh this page for those of you who think I'm lying, and I know there are ways to fake this. So, let me go ahead and show you another one of my dashboards. Now, before we moved over to Stripe, we did approximately $130,000 USD in gross profit. Over on fan base, you can see we had quite a few massive days when we first started here. Actually ended up having a few over $20,000. And of course, I can once again go ahead and refresh these page and obviously filter by all time. And again, it's still there. Now, again, I'm not inherently showing this to Flex. I just want you to be able to take what I'm saying and trust it on a surface level enough to really execute on what I'm teaching. Now, let me give you guys some context. Over the last year, I've made approximately half a million dollars selling literal copy and paste websites to local businesses. Now, here's exactly how I structure my internals and how it works in a nutshell. And as per usual, guys, this is not financial advice. It's simply me sharing my own experience and what's worked for me. Now, the offer itself is quite simple and obviously self-explanatory. Offer a price point of 197 to 3.97 a month and cold call local businesses to offer them websites, SEO optimizations, and stuff like that. Now, you can kind of target any specific subniche. But what I've personally found experience and good positive experience with is car detailing, laundry mats, mechanics, companies similar to that. And again, if you want to have kind of more, literally grab the companies that you're looking to reach out to. And I can literally go to JBT and say, I'm going to cold call some local businesses to offer them websites to attract clients. What are some other fields? You know, example, car detailing, laundry mats, mechanics, no other details, just the answer. Now, by doing this, you'll literally be given a ton of different kind of fields you can reach out to. And look how insane this is. Plumbers, electricians, roofers, landscapers, pest control. There is no excuse to not have a reasonable amount of people to outreach to. Now, out churn rate. What is this? And this is arguably one of the most important factors when starting a venture like this. Churn meaning how much percent of clients every single month are cancelling their subscription. So, for example, you might have a service that frankly isn't up to par or you're targeting the wrong quality of clients and your churn might be 50%. Meaning 50% of the people who subscribe are also unsubscribing at the end of every calendar month. But our churn is 5%. Meaning everybody that subscribes is pretty much likely to stay. And again, if you have a super high churn rate, it simply means you have to do one optimization. And that optimization is quite literally forcing them to rely on you. Now, I know how bad it kind of sounds at face value, but give them so much intrinsic value that it makes it unreasonable for them to ever leave you and make them think to themselves, well, if I leave them, I'm going to have to do this. I'm going to have to do this. It's just not worth it. And that's how you build lifetime clients. Look, even if the offer is only $297 a month, if the average client stays for a year, you're still extracting $3,000 of value from every single client that you successfully close. Now, it doesn't matter how good your offer is. If your churn isn't optimized, it is quite literally losing you more than you're bringing in. Now, what the actual offer itself brings to the table, and again, guys, I don't sell a course. This is pure value. So, here's an example of a local business in my area that's doing things quite correct. You can see they have Google reviews. They have a live chat which is just hosted by info chat and of course it just kind of gets the job done. Now again with AI with goh high level if you want to use go high level it's literally a CRM portal. I personally use it to just copy and paste websites. You can actually use my affiliate code down below and it'll give you like 14 days free trial. But again you don't really have to do that. You can do this yourself. Now again you can use my go level if you want to get a free trial link in the description. But what exactly are we offering these local businesses to kind of extract value and make them subscribe to us for so and so. Now, website design and operating cost. We essentially handle the entire website cost for them, host the entire thing and design the entire thing. Now, I know it might seem like a lot of work and we're giving them so much effort. But again, we are quite literally copy and pasting the exact same website templates for every single company we work with. Of course, changing up the color scheme and changing the background images. But again, this can all be utilized and optimized with AI. Next thing is, of course, an AI chatbot that follows up leads. So, for example, it also doesn't make sense for these companies to leave you. If, let's say, for example, you're saving them two clients a month, meaning every month you're essentially getting them two clients that otherwise wouldn't have been closed because of your AR chatboting system. And of course, following up leads during the hours that they're not kind of working, they have no reason to leave you. It is a profitable venture and it simply wouldn't make financial sense for them to leave you. And that's what I mean by giving them so much value that it becomes unreasonable for them to ever end the partnership. Next thing is, of course, SMS follow-ups. And again, all of this can be done with go high level. It's insanely straightforward and super easy to utilize. But again, SMS follow-ups. So people can insert their number onto the website if the company themselves are closed and of course it will give that to the company and they can of course SMS follow-up or we can use linked and set it up ourselves. Next thing is of course Google SEO and as you guys know Google SEO is for the most part quite It is quite hard to rank on SEO and it really does depend on authority in the space but again it does sound good on paper and a lot of these guys aren't too familiar with the business side of things and the kind of online side of things. So it makes it super easy to kind of get ahead in that sense. Next thing is Google reviews. Now I'm going to go ahead and make a new video very soon on actually how you can give companies Google reviews. It's insanely overpowered and a lot of them use that metric aka Google reviews as like an indication of how businesses are performing and people even like my own family love Google reviews. So by offering this it gives us massive leverage in the industry. Now actually reaching out. This all sounds good on paper but if you can't actually cold call people what's the point? The most simple way and what makes this business model so aggressive is that anybody can start it with literally zero capital. For example, let's say I wanted to call up some plumbers. I look up plumbers near me. Use precise location. Go ahead and allow that. And as you guys can see, I've quite literally just found hundreds and hundreds of plumbers phone numbers that I can quite literally give up a call. Go to their website, give them a call, check if the website looks good. Again, this one doesn't. So, we could quite literally offer them the solution. And again, you simply cold call them. Say, "Hey, look, I work for so and so. When are you free for a meeting? I'd love to kind of pitch this idea to you." Give them a bit of a rundown. And honestly, just give them FOMO. Don't make it sound like you're pitching them anything. make it sound like you're looking to work directly with them. Next thing is, of course, cold SMSing. That would just be working with 04 numbers or plus one numbers and just giving them messages. Yes, it can work. I've seen success with it, but again, cold calling is just so much more warm and the leads are a lot better and more responsive. And again, this is what I mean by there's no excuse to not start. Everybody lives in a different area. So, for example, I might live in Sydney, Australia. You might live in Germany. This works anywhere in the world. And again, the people you're reaching out to are going to be specific on that location. So, it makes it so easy to scale. Next thing is, of course, Facebook groups. Now, I've never actually utilized this myself to its full potential, but I know there is a ton of potential to work with plumbers, local businesses, companies like that. Next thing is, of course, how do I accept payments? Now, this is arguably one of the biggest questions I get and it's honestly pretty easy. Now, there's a few options. First is Stripe. This is what I personally use, but again, you have to be weary with it just because Stripe is known for not paying out. you know, giving you a hard time with documentation, IDs, everything. But again, this is the most trustworthy. It's what people and companies you work with are more inherently drawn to and aren't going to feel as sketched out in a sense. The next option, and this is my personal favorite, is Now, again, not sponsored at all, but they have the lowest fees in the market, much lower than Stripe. And again, if I just go into like one of my communities, head over to Dashboard, and I filter this by, let's say, the last 12 months, I've made like $36,000 in this one Again, we're already getting MR in this one W. It's just a really good platform to kind of accept payments. There's also a few other kind of wonky ones like polar.sh, which is essentially just a Stripe rapper that's a lot less kind of strict. Yes, guys, thank you so much for watching. This is only the third video on this channel. I hope you learned something new. Once again, guys, make sure to subscribe. I will see you all later. Have a great day.
