# how i make $46,314 a month selling AI websites to businesses.. (copy me lol)

- Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNcRGsYMeso
- Video ID: qNcRGsYMeso
- Channel: Blake Alexander
- Length: 12:46
- Views / published: 298 views • 3 months ago
- Language: en

## Transcript

how I make $46,000, $314 a month selling AI websites to local businesses. Now, copy my exact strategy. Now, guys, this is going to be an in-depth guide on the exact way I've scaled the most simple business model in history to 46K a month. And again, just so you guys know, I'm not completely full of I'm obviously going to go ahead and blow out the name and description. But, as you guys can see, this is our Stripe dashboard. And we're obviously sitting at $46,000 MR. And again, I'm going to be walking you guys through exactly how we've scaled to this point. and why our churn rate is sitting at 5%. Now, if you guys don't know what churn is, that's how many percentage of local businesses or people you're selling to subscribe and cancel every single month. So, if you're sitting at a 5% churn rate, that means 5% of your customers are canceling their subscription every single month. So, for you to maintain that 50k MR, aka 50k a month, you only need to be bringing in an extra 6% of clients a month to not be on a negative. And again, with the business model I'm about to teach you today, this is insanely easy to do. Now, what is the business model itself? It is literally selling plug-and-play AI websites to local businesses. And again, guys, before we get into this, this is not financial advice. It's simply me giving my own opinion and sharing results on what's worked for me. And again, the business model is very, very simple. $397 a month that we kind of sell to local businesses and they can pay us $3.97 a month to handle creating a website, SMS follow-ups, Google reviews, and general social media management of local businesses. Now, again, this is something with little to no barrier to entry. I'm somebody that's done nearly every single money-making method under the sun. You can see the YouTube plaques behind me. And I can say with absolute certainty, I've never personally scaled something this quick and seen this much results with this little barrier to entry. Now, first things first, how do we handle outreach? Outreach essentially meaning reaching out to these clients and local businesses to kind of onboard them. Now, it is very, very simple. It's almost laughable. So, we sell to a multitude of different kind of industries. for example, plumbing, car detailing, laundry mats, everything that kind of does a BTOC service. So, for example, we could quite literally look up our detailing near me. And again, this works so well because it is location-based. So, for example, every single person watching, you're going to be in a different location. So, chances are if you were in Australia, if you're in the US, if you're in some small town, this is going to be catered towards you and not oversaturated. And it is completely untapped for wherever you are go specific. And again, just by scrolling for literally 10 seconds, you can see hundreds upon hundreds of websites and companies where I can quite literally grab their phone number, give them a call up, and literally cold call them and offer them this specific service. And again, most of these companies aren't too familiarized with social media as a whole. So, it leaves a massive barrier to entry for you to come in and quite literally just pitch them a really good offer. And again, the biggest factor that differentiates this from normal business models is the fact that it is monthly reoccurring revenue. Meaning, if you have a subscriber and they end up relying on your product and seeing intrinsic value in it, they will continue subscribing for 5, 6, even a year to come. Meaning that if their base price is $397 a month, you could quite literally have them on a retainer and end up getting $4,000 worth of value from that one client in less than a year. Now, you would quite literally cold call every single number that you see here. And again, you can also cold SMS, which would literally be just messaging them. But again, the only time you want to kind of do this is if you see an 04 number. Now, I know if you guys are based in the US, which the majority of you guys are, this would be plus one numbers. Now, the equivalent, I'm not too sure in the US, but you guys, we have O2 numbers, which is like factory complexes and kind of like telephones they have at their work. Those don't usually accept SMS messages. So, you kind of have to be picky with it and only reach out to the plus ones or 04 numbers. That's the first way to kind of handle outreach. And again, it goes a multitude beyond this. You can do meta ads, you can do LinkedIn ads, you can even join Facebook groups for local businesses in your specific area and offer this to them directly. And again, when you are reaching out to agencies and you want to offer a specific service, and don't worry, I know it might be a bit overwhelming right now. I'm going to get into depth on kind of how you can do this insanely easy with GoHigh Level, which you can literally check out down below and use my link for an insanely good free trial and again get a ton of different perks like my sales landing, my email messages, my closing calls, my plug-and-play website template, everything. But again, I'll get into this later. Now, this is arguably one of the most important things. Once you've cold called somebody to kind of get them on board with working with you, you're usually going to have to do a call to actually close them. Meaning, a Google meeting or a Zoom meeting where you and them will kind of speak and you'll kind of close them and kind of sell yourself and your pitch as a whole. Now, when this happens, one of the most common objections I personally have got in my time of doing this, this is personal experience, is them saying, "Can I see your company website?" Now, this is arguably the biggest objection I get, and objection being something that stops them from fulfilling their role, which would be closing the sale. And their objection is usually, can I see your website? Do you have any proof of concept? Do you have any social proof? Now, this is where I think I have a massive edge in the competition. I'm going to give you guys the biggest and quickest rundown on how to do this right now. Let's say you want to make your company and you want to use this as your outreach templates. Whenever you reach out to anybody, this is the company you represent. This is your business that gives you the validity that you need to close sales. Let's say, for example, your company was called CK Management. You would quite literally go on NameCheep or GoDaddy or whatever domain provider you want to work with. And you want to find a domain that has the available. This is very important. People are old-fashioned. They only want to work with people that seem legit and have that validity to them. Like for example, dkmanagements.com. You can quietly grab this domain for $16 a year. Once you have this domain, you want to get a website template set up. And again, this has never been easier. There's two different ways to do this. The first way being framer, which I personally would use, and the second one being go high level. Now, go high level is imperative for later down the line when you're actually reaching out to clients and fulfilling the service. But for your landing page, these are the two I would use. Now, for Framer specifically, this is arguably one of the craziest things I've ever found. You can literally find agency templates that are also paid and also completely free. So, for example, let's say we have our domain. We would make a simple logo in Canva. It is insanely easy. We'd head over to the agency website section on framer.com. Again, this is completely free to do. Let's say, for example, you want to filter by free. You don't want to spend any money getting your website up, which again, you have to spend like 10 bucks to get the domain and then $10 to actually host the site. But again, you can do this with zero coding knowledge. And I'll show you exactly how right now. So, you want to scroll through here and find a social media marketing agency template that kind of resembles your business and looks nice and obviously aesthetically pleasing. And bang, just like that, I found this one, Aro. We can obviously preview the template. Again, it is completely free. Effortless design for design startups. Now, this looks amazing. But you might be saying, well, how do we actually convert this to our own site? This has never been easier. quite literally press use for free. We're going to go ahead and create this site. And again, this is the same thing that I personally did to scale to $500,000 in total revenue generated in the last year doing this exact service. And just like that, we've gone ahead and created our site. And this is how crazy Framer is. We can essentially change this. Let's say our website was GK Consulting. And look at that. I've literally just changed the entire header just like that. GK Consulting for social media marketing agencies for local businesses based in Sydney, Australia. Again, everything is customizable with a drag and drop feature. And it's completely free to do. I can quite literally change the image to whatever I wanted it to be. If I want it to be something in Australia, something to do with Sydney, whatever it might be. And again, you can change all the testimonials. You can handle all the animations. And it is completely free. So once I have the site, I'd quite literally just press publish. And there we go. My site is completely ready to go and live. Again, you would want to make changes, but this is nothing that somebody can't do by just spending 20 minutes and just kind of rearranging everything and replacing it with your own information. Then of course, press add domain. Get yourself a very simple plan. You can go ahead and connect an existing domain. Or if you don't want to go through Nameche, which I personally would recommend, you can just buy the domain straight through Framer. The plan is like $5 a month and you can have your site entirely up and running within literally an hour. Now that you have your site, you can essentially begin outreaching to different companies. I already kind of spoke about how you can find phone numbers, how you can handle cold calling, cold messaging. Again, I would kind of hold off doing meta ads and doing LinkedIn and Facebook really until you've got the kind of grasp down and you know how to do plug-and-play website template. Now, offering the actual templates itself and what you're providing to these companies. Now, we literally just offer plug-and-play templates with go high level. If you guys aren't familiar with this website, you can quite literally just have it's like a CRM. So, you have your own operating system. You can literally just use the same template over and over and over and over again for different agencies or different companies you're working with and you handle everything inhouse and you can do everything at go high level. You can have SMS marketing, SMS follow-ups, Google reviews, everything you would ever need that you can kind of offer to these companies to pitch them. So again, as I said, most of these guys don't do social media at all. You can say, "Look, you guys have a bad site at the moment, or of course, you might not even have a site. we can go in, we can get you a new logo made, do your entire site for you, have Google reviews, have SMS follow-ups, do SEO optimization, improve your traffic, and again, the craziest part is you only need to be bringing these sites one extra client a month. Let's say the AOV or the average order value of their business is like $1,000 per order or 500. If they're paying us $3.97 a month, even if we're only bringing them one to two sales a month, even if they just see that intrinsic value, they're more than likely going to say subscribe. because as a result, most of these older generation people aren't too familiar with social media as a whole, and it honestly is just quite overwhelming for them. Now, what separates us? What are we actually offering? What can we do inside of GoHigh Level? First things first, SMS follow-ups. People can literally just input their SMS if they have a question. Most of these websites, they only have a phone number. So, if someone's reaching out to them late at night or when they're not kind of open or on the phone, they can quite literally add their SMS and we'll do lead generation and follow up with them every single day. And again, we don't have to do anything for this. We sh we ship it off to GoHigh level and we let the agency and website handle everything for us. We're just facilitating the website itself. We also do custom Google reviews. Now, I can't get into depth on how we do this. I am going to have a new program launching soon where if you use my go highle affiliate code, you'll get everything of mine for completely free. And that is again completely free and we'll kind of include where I get custom Google reviews from. But essentially, Google reviews are like this thing here. You can see they have five star reviews, 51 reviews. This is something that a lot of the older generation really really like and I personally saw a massive gap in the market of no agencies really offering this. So again I found out I did my research and I figured out exactly how we can do this. Next thing website appearance. Now when you're using Gohare Level, all of the templates that they have are insanely high converting and they frankly just look nice. And again, if you compare this to the majority of these websites you're going to see that are local businesses, their websites just simply aren't very nice. So, by simply just giving them a good-looking website, that's going to be enough most of the time to kind of close them. I mean, look at this website here that we just found. Looks quite horrible to be honest. Doesn't look amazing. We could definitely do better. And again, this is something that's on the better end. You see a lot that are frankly way worse than this. Next thing is SEO optimization. Now, this is another thing we kind of offer to agencies to kind of sell ourselves. And again, you don't really need to add all these extra things, but the more things you can offer and you can pitch is only going to increase your conversions and your close rate. Now, as you guys know, SEO optimization is quite frankly Let's be entirely honest. It takes a lot of authority, and you really can't guarantee SEO to be ranking on Google as a whole. Again, they think it does, and that's what really sells the deal. Next thing is removing Google reviews that aren't negative. You can quite literally do this by just reporting the Google review and saying it's fraudulent or even reaching out to the email itself and kind of closing that and kind of fixing that then and there. And again, this is something that a lot of people struggle with and a lot of local businesses see an insane amount of value from. and I don't see anybody really offering this exact service as a whole. So again, this is something that makes you stand out. And finally, hiring a VA for outreach on equity. Now, this isn't really what we're offering. I should have separated this a little bit, but this is another thing that I think is imperative when you're getting into this once you've scaled to the 10K a month range or 10K MR. You really don't want to be handling the cold calls every single day yourselves. Now, yes, you can. And again, if you want to handle the cold calls and not handle the meetings, or you want to handle the meetings and not handle the cold calls, you can hire a VA, aka a virtual assistant. Now, when you're hiring a VA, you want to make sure they're not a third world demographic VA. You want somebody that is hopefully based in a first world country with a good accent and obviously has an understanding of your business model itself and how to close clients. Now, once you've done this, you don't want to pay them a lump sum, meaning let's say $100 per client closed. You want to get them on an equity retainer. What this means is, let's say, for example, you charge 3.97 to agencies. You can have a VA working under you and what you say to them is look every single sale you bring us we'll give you $99 a month and that will maintain for each client you bring for as long as they say subscribed. So again they have incentive to be closing these sales. They have incentive to be cold calling these people and again it is zero extra stress on your end because your margins are already practically 100%. Now again guys, very very shortly I'm going to have my brand new offer coming soon where you can quite literally use my promo code down below and you'll get access to my go highle website templates, my email outreach scripts, all of my closing calls that are quite literally live of me talking to these businesses and closing them. So you can kind of copy my script and everything for completely free. And again guys, this is my second video on this channel. So if you have enjoyed, make sure to subscribe. It helped me out a ton. And thank you all for watching. Have a greater.
